 

seer FO SCT eC ee SC SeRHee eee eee Ce Tee SU

 

e

ththhet errr rere tere ee

Cie

HE MOLSONS BANK |

OCAPITAT, AND RESERVE $8,800,000 é
ay, i icsoa Banking Business Transacted

98 Branches in Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CRE
BANK MONEY ORDERS et

~ SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

Interest allowed at ge current rate:

R. 8. SAMUEL, Manager,
* Kingsville Branch.

” W. 8. FALLS. Manager,
Amherstburg Branch,

eta tavccoasareattesviviey

Longer Days wit Electric. List) =

oe Eight your home ‘with Electric-
Lights and enjoy the long Win-
ter nighis in cheerful lighied
rooms.

Our Electricians Will Do the Wiring for You.

Esser Gounty AE. Go, Line
a eeeeemennmniall

Wit hes fold - ‘on
+ | soon, with aed in BB ‘to, owner,
: Kft of F ‘mh orat-

 

Delivered t to any wast of Town ana d Chat 2

Office ahd yards at ‘Gordon Station, -River Front,
é _ Anderdon. :

212
{54

OFFICE
RESIDENCE

“Phone

 

an Your a = Into — Bl:

Yor Knowledge.is ; Worth Money To Us.
You Will Be Paid Promptly-For It.

You know of persons who are going to buy ‘Planos,

Player-Planoe™ and Phonographs. You fave telende. \whowe
Aanillies should have a musical aduceslits

We want that information. We \will do ‘the asiling
and give you your vomuneration promptly.

4s TO-DAY THE WATCHWORD.OF THE NATION
THEY of us will zave—Vour ‘Friend will get ® Better Plano
_—Vou will be remunerated—and ‘We will be hontred with the
patronage.
sae ‘Old Reliable Houst—CANADA’S Very Highest Grade
: Instruments—Reasonable Prices—Convenient Terme

‘Write To-day.’ Do Not Hesitate. ~

Opportunity to become District” Agents, Salesmen, Travellers
and Managers if desifed

Amherstburg Echo.

ina. a Cabinets,

Avenue, Ambdrsthul

| tile, %

Ontario,

Eons

tows.
Malden consisting”

> ches, dnd market, all within one mile.
en a had} fair officials yy,

Chairs; tors

, Malden. “Phone

hom aA oir smal
Wook. s <SARO)
Harrow. ;

variety aie ante
160-1-%. oN. No. 4, Aeiterettieg?

Lome agit le oa
ol at pe farm, a8 Jong as thoy. Jast, Til.

GOLDEN, Amberathuri ae 196-15,

Fee. A.M. AT~
re eats monet iM

aS UNE
‘ erst At 4

FOR SALE—Oxtord Down a Pedi-
grotl ran, aid ewe lambs, ae aehe 1d0
pied L: PULMER,R. fl No. 1;°

Jeu bees 6 years

~ FoR Aleck “ork
tack ame
ie roe n rt work, J fe

don oasy tormk or lo
andenall, with
A. Davis,

icing, Sand-
ines. Will

months) old, re
KINSO* “Ath

val
Alon one. ORTLAN.
Pps old, ALEAS
Harrow. -

oma = a
a ame at on ML

ee, c

BULL) S¥ort Sheet, et tes

FOR SALE ier ‘bck house on Elm
Hardwood  Noors
Lanihort ree,

i howe a

rand hor natty heat} 4
aye Ne PRANKLIN A.

HoUbi, ‘Bk Barristet,. les Aanerstt
a Parte oe rs

Nd concesshi at im

or Colchester eompriainir

acres the same nists or ies House,
harn and. orchard, andyall tiie draineds:
Se Harrow, 5 miles: from Kil

6 from, Arner station: and Thad

Bure wre He JONSON, Bor Vir

Walkerville, OF 1044 :

Lat ion 08 in tat ae 1
— ion

Township of Mi

Zounbep' or side, “Tigh Rani in it wanton

Good 7-roam- house, mee DEW.

Darn, ‘36260, with new 60-ton

MmiUkbouse.. with, Gemment Boor;

le belies Far iy neat DE eaive:

el va

Bie Deh fenced: ant caja tile drained,

8: It nok sold

TSN, Mi
Phone ab,

Lu RELESTA JE AbENCY

oe don ‘Hichmond sired =
TU SULLIVAN, © ree. ie

FOR SALE— wo lots, 120 feat frontage,
30 tor t4o oer good house;.orch-
5_Srait (reer, fi seit at. 3000, Ap-
MANY SULLIVAN, Fort Street, Am-
Bibure. P.O, Box 3b, :

OK SALE All kinds of houses. and los in

enti i uléo xivor front | tty: all
Daldeniand Avderdohotall sles an
Many AAVAN, Fort

ho. ne “Ausheret! 4

Sei a

res- 0
M.

Ttabtiin in tm
Good honne. best of

or "part eat can to a We Hou tvaxe
VAN,

Fort Street, Ami; ire Bi ¥ Box an

ah I i
‘Mist SOLLIVAN, ne nace at
gah SALE—Ono, oF thoyfinost fas forge a.
"kG; “well draii yl PL Ripae
ne finest: houses, with soft’ and- sat

nee riper

Wwatorin the mate goon outbulidings. For.

particulars apply [ARY SULLIVAN,
Fors Street, Am! rahi ~ P,Q, Box 36.

Fok sa ‘One of tha boat farms in County
first Concossion Colchester (South, fifty
Gores, good frame house, 18x28, ‘kitchon 2x
19, wood shed or summor kitehon, barn S2x08.
graihery uod cow hones, 2x3), michine shod
Sixai, horse stable 20x31. hon honse, well
‘bullt. bored well. pig pen. good fen: holt
milo from sebool. two markets all Kindy of}
churches, 18. or 20 acres fall -wheavand rye
(just Cwo miles from Oxloy. big summer resort
‘on bank of hake krie. Linniediate powemion,
Good terms, apply to Many SOLtivan for par
tonlim. Fort 3t.. Amborstbury. P.O. Bax 55.

ARS.FOR GALE—One Of the best farms
in Feorthesver South consisting of 140

Jacres, one milo south of-Harrow, 3 milos

|
from Lake Erie; sand and "black loam;
lane dawn centre of farm; well 110 feet,
fo lane, which makes it <onventent for
cattle: also nover Tailing wells at nous |
and Darn;hoth hard and soft water st
kitenen door; house, large white frame!
with front and’ back verandahs, balcony |
full size-of front verandah; beautiful lawn
with allekinds of Nowers, trees - and
ahrabs; also orchard; grain barn 40x42
Soy Mee? abiee_Aaln ™baasxso tact
oe! wo barn
is: cow Darn 22x30: grainery and driy-
tng. house 22x26, with corn criD ' and
Selec sind atteched; grainory two storeys
high; milk house lath, and plastered, 12x16;
qwo hen houses with scratching ben. and
laying house; amoke house, wash and
store house. Location, one of Stipes heat: best.
Buildings all rodded.. Tolephone ani

moail, - Farm well féneed, well iivalnads
Jand in high state of euitivation; one nile
from Palle and High school: choles: of lx;

ie or ierms, and per can ily
at onte. For particu! terns \
to MARY SULtn IVAN y Amherstburg, P. 0,
box 36, Phone 206.

FOR eeateerens:
A. Tew. choice ig rams and
lambs. Bred Sen a Dot in’ Ontario.

to Ame Pe oO.
“ bs of may £0 5 idan:
or cee aes

ram

it. hd it Peommrenced:

; ie Mints he

it com; | Srowin!
BAS’ hibition;

roles, witli: credit, - They ‘wore

Hélen Marah, Miss Canada; Exther

spectator had‘ left ‘Tuesiny even-
) rain, ond; drizzled

for forty-eight ho

Both days x patent tor show},
purposes, though atone tinje Tuesday
moon it looked ag-if @. shower would
spall the fair.

The: atte

uploudiu, aga tht
all departanta, ‘bet
Hine of stock: than:
the showing 8 ‘at other ‘fairs. | The qués-
tion of réed hus had a: goudl deal: ww do,
with fewer animals thowr this yeir.

William pail of St. Catharines,
‘judged the horses, and jie) expressed
lilmself ag very much pléased with
the fine lat; W. Gy Sanders, of St
Thomas, thought the beef cattle and
shesp the best butich he’ Hat; duigéd
thia year, while-A. J.,Golden, of Kings-
ville; the: other ‘stock: — departmental
judge, had hig work cut obvt for him
in judging the.swing and dairy cattle.
There was keen competition for the
Davies special for best. bacon hog.

Poultry wae light, Dut all the othér
tent displays would do credit to any,
show. Ladies’ work and finc oit were
dre largest in yeors.. Mills Dier, .of
Forest, was ably adniated by Mrs. J.
J. McSpaden and Mra. JohniJones, and
it occupied tho better park of a day

| intorforé 1S the “gui

-g| anda half to arrange the exhibit and

Judge it.

Visitors of the Faip.are unanimoudly
of the opinion that the exhibit in the
fruit section was the hestof the whole,
fair, and far in excess of many. fairs:
of=inrger dimensions. ‘Two, hundred
and fifty-two entries were inade - of
which one hundred and aéven were of
apples, and thirty-one of ‘pears. The
judge, Mr. Coatswortli, of Kingsville;
stated that most of the samples were
perfect in every respect. Wm. Squires,
EB; A. Patton, N,V. Brush} ‘Thos. Wat-
ers and Mrs. Camphéllicarried off the
bulk of the prizes, Mrs, Charles R:-
Hackett’s exhibit of cans fruit and
vegetables, put down by cold package
Process, tooik the first prize, with! Miss
Ware's: exhipit 1 close second.

There were some new features in]
the building. W. H. Jones occupied |
corner had » stove display, and had
# Pandofa in operation serving donch-
6s. to all who came.that way. The
Public -achiool boya, of Amherstburg,
showed @ tnble full of articles made.)
by them in their manual training dor
partment. Mra, Aikman and Mrs. Joe
pers iad) charge of n Red Cross
booth; showing the departments
of Patriotic, work done by the ‘Daugh-
tor of the, Empire ‘of Amherstburg.
The booth was; attractively built, and
tho difplas jmpressed. in @ practical
tieeeate ey =e thé valuable nid’

Ucred Gupiab) dior boys |

There: ‘was Gp Jnck of music, Heintz-
man ‘& Co. Xd Grinnell Bros.’ artists
‘Keeping UD % continuous ‘program. +

The Ust of entries follows: |
LIS? OF ENTRIES. BS.
1917

Hotaes Malai ala 6 sae Se ro, ep ala s Oy 60
Cate ... -«, 100°
Carine arms. Oo

‘Sheep ~
Wate cao va 780

30
115
+ 260
Dairy and Provisions... 75
C&pned? Fruits and Prult 252
Home Manufactures 50
Ladies’ Work 2» 250

the Arts . Sin a oaay lal

Flora... a, ee Sh
Divenile 300
¥ a

1684

Dr. Creelman's» Visit.

Undoubtedly the greatest attraction
4 tho Fair was Dr. G, C.
President 6f the O. A. C., Guelph, and
Commissioner dt Agriculture of On-
tarlo, Dr, Croelman was met at Wind-
Sor Tuesday morning by F. A. Hough,

McKenney and J. A: Auld, and
braueht. to Amherstburg in Mr.
HOoush's car, being taken to.the Walk-
er Diiry Farms, Ojibway; the Essex
fe Seed Farms and the Brunner,

ond on ths way down. A number of
others joined him at
¢ View and accompan-
; Sele a he on
en addréss) and de-
Sorte the pint amb aly open. - Dr.
f in onday totiring: the
scan in pee Me with P. Le. Fan-
cher, cOrn expert, of Chatham, and

= io his Foereseet with! what

 Baxex - He was sorry to h
eanty fin Hs, y the:

eo 5 ‘dls--
ing, aan cy 23 n ted tp rape
other ot dit a
orged farmo ’

ele

funch at thy
ied him to tha
livered a 5)

pie Jule

Creelman, }}

Coseo, Liberty; Catherine Pierce,
Mitaly; Helén Smith, Partugal; Mary
Hackett, Be ren Gladys, Shepley,
Ireland; Enw Pettypiace, Réd Cross

Turse.
The’ baby show iso ‘hardy peren- |

nial thot Tvakhes, in. interest . with.

age, Local judges seldom have the
temerity to-tackle the proposition. of
telling any one mother her darling is
not the sweetest, cutest and most
beautiful child that ever drew the
breath of life, so Jt is customary to
got men of expérience and good sprint-
ing powers from outside of town.
‘"Tnesddy afternoon five mothere lined
up ‘against the tent, and presented
their babies for judging. They were
Mrs. William Gfbb, with: Harvey, 6
months: old; Nis. Victor, Hunt, with

| Wilfred, 8 months old; Mrs. 0. Trio-
‘et, ‘with Beulah,

10. months;. Mrs.
Wm. Turner, with Donald, 5 months,
‘and Mrs. Wm with Francis, aged
$ months. Thé “judges who allowed
themselves to be led to the sacrifice
were James Anderson, ManaRer S.. We
& Axelectricvratiway; W. J. Pulling,
of Windsor; wv. A. MocKay, publisher
Windsor Record, and Major A. MW.
Stuart, whose herve had been greatly
atreongthened by a lengthened so-
journ in California. They deliberated
for, some tinie: before awarding — the
$5 prize to little Miss Triolet, and
then bent a hasty, retreat. Needless

to say there are four mothers who

didn't think much of their decision.
Eric Young had’ a novel exhibit of,
potatoes grown from seed pods, of
first,.second and third year growth.
The third year they déveloped into
eighteen varieties: Mr. Young's @x-
hibit was nicely boxedswith ginss cov-
ers, and excited much

it before.

WA. Maricle showed a big bunch |’

of soy beans, which attracted a good
deal of attention, }They are: - crop
highly recommended and just begin-
‘ning.to come into prominence.

The keenest competitions, as might
be oxfectod, © were for the, William
Davies Co.'s ‘special of -$25 for \ the
best’ bacon hog; the. A. H.\ Clarke
epecial of $25, divided between Ander-
don and Malden, for the fleld crop, and
vegetable dispiay, and the Brunner,
Mond special of $10, divided between
Anderdon- and, Malden, for the- best

 

comment, as],
very few had over seen anything like

Dwelling on Sandwich Street with Stable Gs C
River Front Lots, Amherstburg...
One 85 Acre Farm in Anderdon Township.
One 50 Acre Farm in Malden Township. Me Sete St

FALLS Bee

ad some ky others will
WORK FOR YOU!

THE OWNER OF EVERY STORE OR FACTORV—ALMOST |
WITHOUT EXCEPTION, WAS AN EMPLOYEE OF IT ONCE. IF
YOU ARE GOING TO EVER BE, OR DO ANYTHING WORTH
WHILE, YOU MUST HAVE MONEY IN THE BANK. MANY A
CHANCE WILL BRESENT ITSELF TO YOU. IF YOU HAVE
MONEY YOU CAN TAKE IT. > 3 ee

YOUR COMMON SENSE SHOULD. TELL You Ue MONEY
WILL COME IN HANDY SOME DAY. ~ :

5 et A ee ee reg

10.cars of Dent cosn. The hogs shown |

were 4 fine even lot, and Mr, Golden;
| Departmental judge, spent constier-
able time sizing them up before

awarding thq prize to Ralph\ Langlois’ |:

Berkslifre from Malden. ‘The Clarke
special drew the figest exhibit of fleld
crops, etc., ever seen In Amherstburg.
The displays ‘of H.. McGregor, Bi A.
Daneaw, “A. P. Meloche, Janies Mar-
tin and Gordon Sollars: wouldu't look
pee in any large show in ‘the coun-

Fred, Ure, of Sandwich Souf%,
pals Mr.MecGregor the prize for An-
derdon, and ‘Mr, .Denean the prize for

 

Aatiar aig Branch, Cc. Ai cuday. Mersin.
j Harrow Branch, - - P. %. Clark Mstsia

Maldenr while, the latter also carried |;

away, the sWeepitakes prize of $5.00
extra for the. best of all: the oxiibits:
Alb ‘entries in this, alpneywere over
ane: dted, Mr. Deneau also won
J the Brunner, Mond corm special for
Mhiden, while Alex. Sinngge carried
,off, the honors for -Anderdon in this |
‘competition.. Those who had attended, |
all the western fairs decInred) that tie

corm shown outclaased’ that displayed
atjany other fair this fall, both. in
quality and quantity.

Murray Burns, Windsor; Clarence
Wales. ‘of ‘Essex. and James McDon-
ald, of Harrow, judged the Indy. driv-
ers Of Ford cars for the Kemp Furni-
ture“Co.'s speolal. ‘There’ were five
entries—Mrs.\W. W; + Trimble, : Miss
Besale Mickle, Miss: Mory Sanderland,
Mrs. M. St. Onge and Mrs.-F. Pigeon:
The Intter won the $5." The driving
wan: followed with=intérest by many:

It ‘wasn Gdappointment not to have
had a snappy baseball game, as was
arranged.  _KingsviHe club’ were tov
rive at 3, but owing to rafm in that}
town feared that they couldn't, make
the grade;>so: the game liad to be
called off. Originally. it was intendod

to play the Royals, of Windsor, but |’

that club was broken up by eolist-
Mménts, fo many of: the baseball boys
in’ the county aré;wéarlng’the king’s
colors thnt it {6 almost imposalble to
get a whole team together at any ont:
point:
SPEEDING IN THE RING.

“Aw the races did notfill {m .either,
event, the four horses wilich were
there were run in a “free-for-all,” and
tho resulta were as follows: :
Charles Clark: .............. 1 1 2

2,

3

Hilton Hicklo~.j.5...¢s.005 3 2
Robert Dorsey «. 0.0 c.6ayee 4 8
Stafford Brush 3.44
The fudges wore Dr. K.-H. Abbott,
G. E. Pulford, Dr. French ang James
1. Cousins, . The track no: boing in
extra good shape, the time mado was!
@| onty: fair, - +
Fred. Brooker, €. O.P., dotected a
couple of games of iful appear-
Anceduring the afternoon and prompt:
ly. closed them’ down, escorting ‘one
‘pair to the car for Windaor, |.
The. Midway draws the crowds. In
| ad to the attractions;
its Denike Drug. Col showed. a nice} ®
ection, of Victrolas . under. their:
lees sur “and, the, Daughters. of the
Pope carne tennues is & path ip
el making

 

 

cee aie Sh

 

ofee

It is tcp i in ‘fuel ane a Ee, Baker ™

Also the full line ‘a other Ranges and Heaters we have 2
for sale.

Fifteen trowand:goupratee”
have to be appo!
general election 1 Can
polling “aubdivis! tira!
country. there will be an,

KINGSVILLE.

William Howe, who some, time ag Ago
got’'a ploce of steel in his éye, has
completely Tost the sight of it. "

-Miss Minnie Townsend. underwent

@ serious operation at Chatham hios-
pita ‘Tuesday, and fs progressing fay-
orably. «

Walter Hanson, ‘and William. Dea-
Son havo enlisted with the Canadian)

rmy medical’ corps and reported for

any Pt Tuesaday.
Pest of Kingsvillo. have
tecited to continue. ‘closing

nameés of fomal
a

or lect!
the mols ts
aliens. U
also a ‘Col

will -be
,] DiaBae Of Dea nee: th rodetath ererot F., ae ‘a

Nber- during ‘Thursduy after-| be
ty

WIFE 100 ILL
TO WORK

IN BED MOST OF TIME

Her Health Restored by Lydia
E. Pinkham’s Vegetable
Compound.

was 80 my cons' oo run
ed down that I could
not work. I was

thin, pale and weak,
weighed bat 109

and was in
bed most of the
time. I began tak-
ing Lydia E Pink-
bam’s Vegetable
Compound and five

j { beuse-
work and washing for eleven and lee
truthfully say Lydia E. Pinkham’s Veg-
etable Comppund has been s godsend
to me for I would have been in my grave
today but for it I would tell all wo-
men suffering as I was to try your valu-
able remedy."’— Mra. WM. GREEN, 332
S. Addison Street, Indianspolis, Indiana.

There is hardly a neighborhood in this
country, wherein. some woman has not
found health by using this good old-
fashioned root and herb remedy.

If there is anything about which you
would like special advice, write to the
Lydia & Pinkham Medicine Co, Lynn,
Mass.

~“TOWN AND COUNTY.

—What appears a saving in price is
actually an extravagance when you
buy ordinary, poor tea. Salada yields
twice as many cups to the pound,
hence its economy

—The Imperial Government has now
extended same privileges to the
weekly pre: of Great .Britain that
they had previous extended to the
dailies, regarding e exemption of
employees from military service The
position is taken that the weekly pa-
per in a national asset, and ‘ft suffic-
ient staff must be left in each office
to issue the paper properly.

-Acting.on complaints from men
eligible to be dr d 2
adian army, the Militia Departm
the Dominion have notified
commanding: all mobili
that the word “conscript” must
be useil when referring to men of
military ag Documents in connec-
tion with enforceme f the Military
Service Act will in future be marked
“drafted men.”

Unmarried Canadians and widow-
ers without children, between the
wees of 20 and 34, who re eligible to
be drafted for military " by
proclamations summoning class one
will be called to the colors within a
week, official “ardera received states,
Bligibles will be given 25 days to make
application for exemption, it js: plan-
ned. It was made clearin recent or-
ders that every man of class one must
respond -to the,«all The fact. that
they were found physically unfit by
medf@at boards will not relieve them
of this obligation.

—Major| W. Ay Burgess, who was
slated 4 for the presidency of the
draft medieai board at Sarnia, Ont,
will. be retained in-Windsar. Captain
W. Gallow, of Goderich, who was sent
to Windsor to act as president of the
border city medical board, and Mr, G.
Murriy Flock; superintendent of the
Basex County Tuberculosis sanitar-
fum,’are the other members, The ap-
pointment of Dr. Flock, with rank of
lieutenant, caused constiférable sur-
prise among returned soldiers {In Wind-
sor, It being diréctly contrary to
resolutions = acopted by the, Windsor
branch of the Great War Veterans’
Bociety, that the Government be re-
quested to appoint only yeterans of
the war to the board. Dr. Flock is un-
married and of military age, it is said.

Military preferment 1s becoming
second nature to Lieut.-Col. Wigle,
former commander of the 18th Bat-
taliony at the front, who, has been
placed in comniand.of the first depot
battalion, Western Ontario regiment,
with headquarters ats London. The
appointment became effective on Ot-
tober Ist. He will rétain the fank of
lieutenant-colonel in the Canedian ex-
Peditioniry forces, Col. Wigle suc-
ceeds LieutsCol. Milligan, D.8, O., who
was also a member ‘of the 18th Bat-
talion on the firing line. On his return
to Cannda, Milligan, who then held the
rank of major, was. promoted and
placed in commmnd of the 21st regi-
mont draft and recruiting for the now
defunct Canadian defense force. When
the latter was discontinued, after be-
ing a failure, he returned to the staff
‘of No. 1 Military district, with head-
quarters at London. $

“WHY WOMEN CANNOT.
~ SLEEP.”

womanhood, are
ti

easel

in this respect

—The September meeting of Reld
District. No. 1, LO.O.F., was;held at
Windsor on Wodnesday of last week
with G. A. Pearson, D.D.G.M., presid-
ing, and delegates present from Es-
sex, Comber and Amherstburg, Wind:
sor, Walkerville and Woodslee lodges
were not represented. R, R. Brett was
reelected District Secretary. The
meeting in June next will be held in
Amherstburg.

—A Postal Department regulation
requires all owners of mail boxes on
rural routes to keep their names leg-
ibly stencilled on the boxes. Take a
look at your box and ff the name is
not easily read have the matter at-
tended to at once. Half the pleasure
of a drive through the country is lost
where one cannot tell who lives at
the various farms because of the
names having become effaced from
the mail boxes,

—J A. Rodd, Superintendent of Fish
Culture, Ottawa, announces that Cap-
tain William Parker. for thirty years
superintendent of the Sandwich fish
hatchery, which was moved to Kings-
ville a year or two ago, has retired on
superannuation at half pay. Samuel
Adamson, assistant, has been pro
moted to officer in Charge, with a
salary of $900, and yearly increase of
$50 to the maximum of $1,200. He
will also be allowed free residence,
wel and light. Mr. Adamson has been
connected Witli the hatchery for about
thirty years, and will"mdye to Kings-
ville from.Sandwich. He issumed his
new duties on Monday. |

—An Englishman was ruridown and
the doctor told him he needdd a tonic,
recommending a glass of stout after
each meal. The patient said he had a
barrel of it in. his cellar, but unfor-
tunately his wife insisted on all mem-
bers of the household being teetolalers
during the war. “Since your health is
concerned you must find some way to
overcome her prejudices,” said the
doétor, and the patient departed. A
few days afterward*the doctor receiv-
ed a yisit from the man's wife. “Doc-
tor,” she said, {I’m so worried about
my husband. I'm afrald he’s going to
have a nervous breakdown. He's de-
veloped a perfect dread of Zeppelins
lately and keeps:-running down. and
hiding in the cellar.”

-The October issue of The Can+
adjan Maguzine contifns- a varied as-
sortmént of articles, esszys and short
stories. The first article is- by the
well-known nature writer, Hanrlton
McLaing, and is a delightful descrip-
tion of a summer passed in the com-
pany of little witd creatures ina
Manitoba elm clump. Other: articles
are “Getting the Men,” a review: of
conscription in England, by Lacey
Amy; “The Influence of Ancestry in
the Present War,,’ a consideration of
racial tendencies, by Professor John
Cameron; ~ “Pioneer Canadian Wo-
men,” a sketch of Professor Carrie
Matilda Derick, by Miss Emily P.. Weav-
er; “Stories of the Redcoat Riders,”
by W. McD. Tait, as well as several
short stories.

}—Livingstone channel. was reopened
to navig. tion, Friday amorning, after
the steamer Rufus P. Ranney, of the
Tomlinson fleet, had been pulled off
the west. bank, where she was put
ashore, early Wednesday morning to
avoid crashing into the Mary’ C; El-
phicke and Robert W. EB. Bungen,
which were -blocking the channel be-
low. Before being released by the
tig A/C. Harding, of the Great Lakes
Towing Company, the Ranney lighter-
ed about 300 tofg of her ore cargo on
the lighter "Rescue. The steamer’s
rudder and shoe are damaged. —As-
sisted by the steamer Henry Cort tnd
the tig Q. A. Gillmore, the steamer
Bunsen left Friddy for Cleveland. The
tug Harding Teft Friday night with’the
lighter Rescue for Lorain to discharge
tha 700 tons of ofe taken off the Bun-
sen, before she was released from the
east channel bank, *Thursaday night.
—*The women of Simcoe are being
canvassed’ to sign pledge>ecards’ to
economize food. As our women are
very Uke thelr: sisters elsewhere the
cunvassers are not meeting with plain
sailing in all cases, There are many
objections: raised. And with some of
the objections The Reformer confesses
its ability to sympathize, We can even
see the point ofsview of the Toronto
woman who, through no choice of her
own, had been economizing © for
months, and ;who returned her card
inscribed, “To hell with Hanna.” But
everything considered, the * wisest
thing is to sign. Thé@re have been
many filings about the war and its con-
duct, so far as Canada is concerned,
that have tempted good citizens to
give over all war effort, But generally
they haye persevered)? because,.they
know it the right thing to dd.« The
War ‘is the-business of all‘of us; and
zoing on with it a universal > duty.
Food consefvation’ is now kndwn to
be an essential factor if Germany {sto
be frustrated in her plans for world
domjnation. So let all sign.’—Simcoe
Reformer,
* —The following question and ans-
wer appeared Saturday in the legal
columns of a Toronto paper:
Walkerville-—I made. a-contract with
a min to build a hotse for me, to be
completed on or before a fixed date.
He was five weeks behind, and we had
to rent rooms and pay for storage for
our furniture, and when we moved in
the house was not*completed “and~ a
number of things that the contractor
had agreed yrerbally to do he did not
do, and 1 had to have these matters
completed at my own expense. I
paid th&contractor\part cash and gave
him a ‘first mortgage to coVer the?bal-
ance of the contract price, Can I
charge up against the mortgage what
I have had to pay by reason of his de-
fault? Ans.—I should have the con-
tract to enable™me to advise you, But
you can make up your claim, showing
the damage or loss occasioned to you
by this contractor's default and what
you paid for the extra things which
the contractor verbally agreed to do,
and can demand that the amount of
your claim shall be allowed in reduc-
tion of the mortgage. If the contractor
sues on his mortgage you can put in a
“sot off’ for the amount of your de-
mand. It will be for the court to say
what reduction shall be made on the
mortgage debt in respect of your
claim.” é

RT Fn arsenate oad

The Conservatives of Kent coun-
ty on Saturday nominated J. W.
Plewes, principal of Central school in
Chatham, as their condidates for the
forthcoming lection. He declired

i that he was of the win-the-war party

a

but would consistently support the
Borden Government and would know

no party politics. =

William F. H. Hackney, probation

| officer of the Childrens Ald Society of

Windsor, has been honored by clection
to tho executive of the Dominion

“CG, Wisk

BRITISH WOMEN

Ambulance drivers, members of the Women's Auxiliary Corps, and~

their billet.* It will be seen from the
the firing line.

GOLDEN JUBILEE
Of Rev. J. J. M. Aboulin, C.S,.B.

Friday, September 21st, was the 50th
anniversary of the ordination to the
priesthood of Rev. J. J. M, Aboulin,
C.S.B, The occasion Was ¢ommemor-
ated by the celebration of a solemn
high mass’ at, St. Anne's church, De-
troit, at which Father Atoulin is one |
of the assistant priests. The vener-
able jubilarian sang the high mass at |
which about one hundred priests from |
far and near were presént as well as}
a vast concourse of people. The Rt}
Rey. Mer. Kelly, auxiliary bishop of
Detroit, preached the -jubilee sermon |
—a masterly effort—in his usual force- |
ful and eloquent manner |

After mass the clergy repaired to}
the church hall, where they were the
guests of the Basilian Fathers at a)
sumptuous banquet: The genial Fr. |
VanAnhtwerp, pastor of the Holy Ros-}
ary cliurch, Detroit, acted as tonst-/|
master, and a number of brilliant}
after dinner - speeches were made,
some serious, others humorous, but all
laudatory of the guest of honor—the
good old Father Aboulin.

In the evening the parish hall was
again»the- scene of a happy event—a
concert and the presentation of gifts}
ofthe jubilarian. At this large gath-}
ering the: parishioners of St Anne's!
and those of the varlous other parish-
és of Canada and the U. S, in which
Father Aboulin has labored, were re-}
presented. The entertainment Was a
gréat success and the good Father was
visibly affected by the many munifes-
tations of love and esteem shown him
on the occasion both by word and
more substantially by gifts of gold}
and ‘other ‘souvenfrs of, his golden |
jubilee. In the*midst of {t all he more
than anyone oranything else was the |
centre of attraction and a6 he sat on
thé stcge“of the hall surrounded by
flowers and theschildren and adults |
who took part in the’ program of the}
evening he Tooked. like a veritable old
saint, which all who know him think he |
really is. ,Altogether the honor shown |
thé aged atid humble jubilarian on
the day of his golden jubilee was
worthy of such a glorious event and}
the writer of this simple report of it}
could not Dut recall the words of the}
Master that “They who humblethem-|
selves shall be exnlted.” For the life;
of Father Aboulin lias not all times
beén a life of humility and self-efface- |
ment. Little could lie have dreamed
of the glorious climax awaiting: his
60th anniversary. Little “could he
fave foreseen his celebrating it In
one of the greatest citfes of the world. |
He was born In an obseure villagé in}
the mountains of Southern France and ;
on tho day of his ordination he walk- |
ed from the place of ordination 26)
miles, reaching his home in \
mountains, at nightfall to celebrite |
his first mass amid his. own lowly |
pegple and p neighbors. On|
Kriddy Last yrated his golden
jubilee mass—the 38,000th that he has |
offered—amid all ¢he pomp and cere-
mony of a great basilica. |

May he live to gelebrate his dla-
mond jubilee fy the wish of: his’
myriad of friends

 

|
|
—

DEATH OF J. F. RUSTON.

known farmers of Rochester town-
ship, passed away at his home, lot 3,
Middle Road, just east of Woodslee,
on Saturday mor@ing, September 22nd,
in the 79th year of his age. Deceased
had been confined ¢o bis bed for two
years past. Deceased was o son of
Richard Ruston = Oative of England,
who came to Capuida in 1836, and was
born on the Middle Road, in Maid-
stone, on Dec®Mber 31st, 1838, being
one of a family of thirteen childran.
He wag reared at home and attended
the district gChool, but early in life
started out fo" himself. In 1862, he
purchased 96 acres. part of lot 3, N. M,
R., in Rochest£" Where he had since
resided. On March 4th, 1863, he mar.

|
John F. Ruston, one of the Pest

 

the| &

AT THE FRONT.

sandbags that they are not far from

WEAK BOYS AND GIRLS.

Baby’s Own Tablets are a perfect
medicine for little ones. They regulate
the bowels; sweeten the stomach thus
drive out constipation, indigestion,
break up colds, simple fevers and
make teething easy. Concerning them
Mrs. John Babineau. Brest, N. B..
writes: “I have used Baby’s Own
Tablets.and have found them a perfect
medicine for little ones.” The Tablets
are sold by medicine dealers or by.
mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr.
Williams’ Medicine Co,, Brockville,
Ont.

AMHERSTBURG HIGH
SCHOOL BOARD

The regular meeting of the High
School Board, Amherstburg, was held
on Friday evening, September 28th,
with Dr. R. H. Abbott, chairman, in
the chair, and Trustees Barron, Jones,
Marsh and MeBride present.

Routine business was disposed of,
and * the following communication was
read :—

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

Toronto,
September 22nd, 1917.

Dear Sir—I am directed by the
Minister of Education to call tyour-at-
tention to the report of the Inspector
of the Amherstburg High School, for-
warded to you on the 22nd of May
last. Rarticular, atténtion waa called
in that report to the lack of proper
accommodation, a condition that. is
growing worse, The time has arrived
when the Board must seriously con-
sider theproviiling of a suitable build-
ing for the High school. The Inspec:
tor also pointed out that the town Is
now entering upon an era of prosper-
ity, and there will undoubtedly be a
large Increase of population, so that
the Board must face the necessity of
securing proper. accommodation at
at once.

The Minister directs me to inform
you thatvan immediate reply ls requjfr-
éd showing what action the Board lias
taken in the matter,

I have the honor to be,

Your obedient servant,
A. H. U. COLQUHOUN,
Deputy, Minister of Education
The Secretary;

High School Soard,

Atherstburg, Ont.

After some, discussion, .a motion
was passed appointing Dr. Abbott, Mr.‘
Barron and Dr. McBride on the orige
inal committee named some time ago
to look over prospective sites: suitable
for a High school and procure options.

Board adjourned.

Lewis ‘J. Gifford, Tilbury township,
ssex, has purchased the splendid 130-
acre frm of Samuel Lethbridge on the
south alde of’ the Talbot road near
Fingal.
000. Mr, and Mrs. Gifford) will take
possession on October 15th. Mr., and
aire: Lethbridge. will reside in “Fin-
gal.

RHEUMATISH MAS
MOST. SEVERE

i

Dreadful Pains All Thé Time Until. Ho

ried Sarah J. Leak, a sister of the}
Iste George Leak. To them were born

nine children, ght of whom survive:
George R., Abraham Robert, of Mald-
stone; John. F» of Colchester North;
Walter W., of, Rochester; Bllen A.
(Mrs. John WW. Rice), of Gosfield 7
North; Thoma‘ Fletcher, Sarah G. and
William L., at home. Mrs. Ruston
died on June 23rd, 1900. In’ connec-
farming. Mr. Ruston

about thirty yeard

gaw will at Wonaniee and a

outfit. The on T

day afternoon, wit! services at the

family home, on the Middle Road, and

intermont in Jarriett cemetary, The!
pallbearers were tho six sons of de-|

ceased and the officiating clergyman |
was Rev. C. L. L. Couzens. © ae

bord of charities and corrections and |

‘prison boards, Mr. Hackney attended

‘the national conference at Ottawa Inst |
|week. He is the youngest momber of |

\the Board. Noxt years

jf

conference will!
Alberta.

w. Tith., 1915, ©

) for a number of years

with Rhewnatism and severe Pains in |

Ri eed Does heavy
ng. « : :

being well again, a friend recommended |
“Frult-a-tives” to me and offer using

The price is said to be $10.- |)

eb bbb tebe he

pa =

The “Pandora” doesn’t require con-
stant watching. You can trust it to
do its work while you rest or attend to
other duties. The Pandora has fea-
tures that insure far greater efficiency ©
and economy than can be found in
other ranges. Write for free booklet.

 M°Clary’s
PANDORA RANGE

LONDON TORONTO me EG VANCOUVER
ST. JOHN, N. Hi.

For SALE

ABIL’
SKATOON ‘EDMONTON

BY W.. H.
lle Worth of “Le Worth of
BREAD 0 POTATOES

Eleven cents will buy a little more than a pount! of potatoes, Three-
fourths of the potdto {s water. Their food value {is low. ~

Eleven cents will buy a generaus loaf of Curtis’ bread. Bread‘ is three
times as nourishing at potatoes. In fact {t supplies more nourishment
for the money than any other food. . :

. Curtis’ Bread

Tastes even better than {t looks.» Cut down on~potatoes and eat an
extra slice or two of bread at every meal. .

709 p.m, |

| -Offios ; Corne’
| streota. noxt rst
‘enetol Post

HYSICIAN AND SURG HP oa
(AN AND ;
Pareun's Univeriey Kingston: iets,

folans and Surgeons, Moo—
at residence, Corner Tania eae and

Dalhor
Reatarsep attest (opposite  Watorworkn)

~ DR. T. JAMES PARK,
py QIAN AND SURGEON, Amherst

DR. A. E. STEWART, —
HYSICIAN AND SURG: 3 :
P Toronto Universtiy Orns, sate ot

Telophono liBr 21 * Colehiestes

hone © 2; Bandwith South

DE. W. C. DOYLE, M.D

Tolophone,
iJ
D W.C. DOYLE, M. D,, C. M., B, W.
OnOF grnduate of Western Univer ie
London; Biomber of the Collen oof Paw
and Sargeons of Ontario, . Office in base
ofresidence on Talbot Btreet, next to the
sommcckion. aed attoetesa Gt 1
1 5 ri
diseases of conna and Bue ee te

piace ea ates aie tO
FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A.

BARRISTER Solicitor, No Fy Publ ,Con

JONES

 

veyancur, &0, Once:
Joon CUulestreet, Amherstburg, ew

LAE TDER & BARTLET,
ISTERS, Solioitora, &e. Offices in th
B Days! Blogs Wi iedeor ie Monoy to loan,

WALTER G, BARTLET,
Geo. A. Unquuant, Weal n a

OOOO
RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,
Bana

Wo keep Silverwood's celebrated smooth-as-velvet Ice Cream Bricks;
three flavors. Order one for your Sunday. dessert. J

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

DAVIS & HEALY:

ARRISTERS, SOLISTERS

t » NOTARIES,
Wa Money to Loun: Medley’ Klock!

F. D. Davis: B.A. A. F, Healy.

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etc.
B Building, Windsor, Ont. ea Mouey te
joan on farm property at lowdst current rates
————

FRANK W. WILSON.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary Pub

B and Conveyancer, (Of the ¢ sian Te
Hrittih Columbin Bars.) Money to. loan on
Farm Property at lowvat rates of Interest,
Office LaBellé Building, Corner Guelletts
and London Sts., Windsor, Ont, Phone 231,
. ae One S51.

W. A. SMITH, LL. B,

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Ni
Kingsville, Gnt. Par nae

‘>. JAMES .S. LAIRD,

PrgvikeraL Land Surveyor and County

Engineer. Office, D jock,
stairs) Town ofEusex, On a (ap

J. J. NEWMAN,

COREE AND: ONTARIO LAND

Fleming Block, Windsor-Oat pepe aly, »
CLARK & ATKIN,

ICENSED Auctionvers for Essex Cor
L Office at Harrow, Ontario, Dae

Carnes Opanx, GEonGE ATKIN,

S. RENAUD,

A omonnse abpetes tn i
io him of addresa Amharetihure O00” Wind

JOHN READMAN,
SSUER of Marriage LI n
I of Eases Hartow Ones oe Creasy”

 

Phebe ettt+t++ttt MOTHER'S BREAD Jeebbebeb

Can We Not Tempt You To?
Taste the Goodness of Our

[VIONEY BAC

BREA

The superior, quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite. :

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,
s0 much desired, but rarely found in most breads.

We want you to be skeptical in*buying this bread.

Tray it out—if it doesn‘t*lappen to be all that we say
it is—why, then, your Money Back. :

Made only pnd guaranteed hy

PPEPEEEEEEEE EE HEE T TESTES QVIUE SUSHLOW FF POSE EEE EEE EE ttt:

1

 

NEAL BAKING CO. Ltd.

Phone 59 WINDSOR. 31-37 Salter Ave

For salo In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove’s, GT. Flore
Son's, G. F. Glrardin’s, A. J. Burne’ and Sllae Allen's. 14

Sold In Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co. In McG
eho Lange hove y' o. In McGregor by Beuglet Bee

High Class Monuments a Specialty,

, LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works’

©, A. CULLEN, Prapricter,
) Write for Prices.

LEAMINGTON, ONT

(3. surTon & sons |

Funeral Directors
Hotno of quality. i
Auto equipment whon desired. ~

~ 168 Ouollette Ave. WINDS! Ont.
Phone 835... + ‘ “es ‘

Bede fede econo ale esteste test tpecteeteee dee MOTHER'S BREAD $b tht $ bE EEE EE

Phone 275

+
$

PARE ttt ttt MOTHER'S BREAD bb betoh bbb bbe

4 : {

+

 

Royal Purple Stock Specific
Roup Cure,’ Chick Feed,
Stock Specific,” -
Calt Meal & Worm Powders
__ Liniment. :

o—W. T--WILKINSON.
HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE.
a AMBERSTEURG

|3. W.& A, RAILWAY

SUMMER TIME TABLE.

“

% ed é
Care run on Eastern Standard Time.

In effect May 28rd, 1917.

burg.

Amherst-
Sandwich.

Windsor.
Sandwich.
~ burg, . °

Windeor.

1.00
8.00
9.00
= aos 10.00
= et 11.00
Veen

P|

16
8.15
9115
10.15
11.16

a
—
a

9.15
10,16

115

Phoav 97 ‘ E )

> © soAmherst-

etter bt ttt EPP EEEE EEE PEED OEE HE

HOUSE. BUILDERS ATTENTION

_.. Weare carrying in stock for immediate delivery. the,
* — ,... following :. ‘ Ks
Py End matched Hard Maplo Aoorliix 78

| Ena " ‘
| od match ed Hard Maplo flooring

End matohod Oak flooring 7-8 thick.

_ End matched Oak flooring, 3-8 thick.
Pano} Qak Venoor Doare,

: 1 Birch Veneer Doors. ©

: 1000 Pine Doors, designs

' Kontnoky Oak for interior, Sniah.
Southern Pino. for intorior finish.
Spruco and Southern Pine flooring.

p. m,
12.16
1.16
2.15
3.15
4.16

a - 815 716°
oe 1a sie ants
8,m. a.m. ae Le
12.66) 1.66).

Drm,
12.16
1.16
2.16.
3.16
416°

. 146

616 ¢

716”

8.16.
16:

Pn.
1.00
2.00

bo

6.00

6.00.

7.00

8.00
9.80

416.
6.15
6.16
716

a
1340

From one million. to two
n feet White Pi

ven) up- hope’ of ever |

 
    
  
 
  
 

  
    

IN
a % ha Se |
_| The*Part Ruled by Natives In’ Their
Own Right and Names. :
The notion prevails In tho United
States that all India belongs to the
British and is administered by them.
This is an utterly erroneous iden. A
very large and populous portion of the
peninsula is in the possession of its own
people, and is ruled by them, with
little or no interference from tho Brit-
ish. I haye colned tho term “Indian
India” to differentidte between the In-
din belonging to Indians and that in
the possession of the British.

 
  
  
     

   
 
 

Engish Heroes Gain More Than
Glory by Success.

 
 
 
 

  
 
  
 

 

 
  
 

WEALTH HEAPED UPON THEM.

 
    
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
  

  
   
  
 
  

  
 
 
   
  

 
   
 

  
    

Many Have Been Made immensely

The Kind Y ay a
aris ou Haye Alwa Rich a8 @ Reward For Winning De-

fe} Dou-ht nnd sole ‘
use for over over 30 years, ie eae wiich has been

    
  
 

ETA A

  

the signature of cisive Battlee—Gifte That Were Be- Indian India, with its area of 850,000

and has been made under his per. stowed Upon the Duke of Wellington. | Square miles, is almost one-third as
y Leda ve Supervision since its inf, i aa large as continental United States, Its | f=
: i OW DO one to decei rile Accordiiig to Burna, glory is the sol- | population, 78,000,000 persons, Is a lit- Sy
AW Counterfeits, Imitations ang “ ve you in this, tle less than four-fiftha that of this | —ss

          
 

Experiments that trido with and epitst as-good ” are but honor, anil in the eyes of most people

the reward of heroism is indeed mere-
ly praize and medals. But many a

country. Polltically British India ts
united. It is divided into three presi-
denciés and twelve provinces, which

  
  

     
   
  
  
   
 

   
  
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
   
    
     
 

  
  
   
  
 
 
      
   
    
    
   
    
      
 

 

5 a e
great soldi@® has won a fortune from | are under the supreme government of 7 _
Cestoria is a substitute f his succeséful campaigning, especially | India presided over by the viceroy and \“\
Drops and Soothing Syrups It ag vee Oil, Paregoric, in the armies of Bune ca | Evermore general, who is under tho sec-
‘ s easant. ? eroes have been reward —
i neither Opium, Morphine nor ot P It contains Americati retary of state for Indin—a member of

by private gifts of real estate and by
the gift of public office, but except for
the “prize money,” which meant for-
tune to mavy 4D adventurous lad or
man {no the Old days, the awards to
American s#ldiers and sailors havo
been much gmaller than those in Eng-

he
age is its guarantee.. For more than ene

than thirty i
been in constant wse for the relief of Consti years it has
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea ; aya Ea Flatulency,

Feverishn
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Beenie, eink

the assimilation of Food; Riving healthy and natural sleep.

the British ¢abinet. Indinn India, on
the contrary, is not obe political entity.

Durlug recent years I have had the
privilege of coming in close contact
with several Indians who rule in their
own right and name, and I have watch-
ed their public and private lives. With-
out a single exception I have found the
Indian rulers to ke men of great ad-
ministrative capacity and: statesman-
ship, all devoted to the welfare of their
subjects and interested in all sorts of
reform movements. Not many public
servants or business men in America or
elsewhere work so hard.or so unselfish-
ly as do these Indian potentates.—St
Nihal Singh in Southern Workman.

ENTIRELY TOO FAMILIAR.

Tho Man Intended to Be Polite, but He

Complete Service to Ford |
Owners Everywhere

OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you: may ~
travel is something you appreciate, and being a Ford te
owner you can get it.. You are always ‘‘among friends”. é

oi =
_ There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations through-
out Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners
—for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or
motor adjustments. : ;

Tho.Children’s Panacea—The Mother's Friend, daond.

GENUINE CASTORIA atways |r iscn coe ealas

ton, though be was made president—
yBears the Signature of

: only prize, and his wealth but

 
 

 
 

mide no money from thelr successful
campaigns. But for his'services in the
South Africa war alone the Inte"Lord
Roberts of Magiand received from par-
Mament a grant of nearly $500,000 in
American money. Added to that, an
7) earldom Was conferred upon him, and
he was made o Knight of the Garter
and appointed commander in chief of

4 In Use For Over 30 Years 9 |Psceoessue svsrase no

          
   

  
 

  
  
 
   

    
   
        
    
   
    
      

    
  
   
  

The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of

P 2,500 for hiy services in Afghanistan, Courted Disaster. en : st ealled ¢ ES, h
The Kind You Have Always Bought during ®hict) he made the famous | It was considered surprising that the whe cee ie pineieen us ene ioe e ee aa uae Poe ony ; i
THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORKCITY, march if twenty-one days from Kabul | Wife of the man who was putting up 0.4. us compare IS With tne Cost © spare par § tor 0 er.

the new palace should have asked for
a new foreman. But she did, and it
Was no more than the duty of tho
architects to obey. So a new superin-

to Kandahar, whith js still a “fablo”
among the mem of the army.

The late Lowd Kitchener also won a
fortune by hi successful campaigning,

 

cars and you,will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.

    
        
   
   
  
     
    
 

 

  
  
 

    

 

       
      

     
     

 

  
 
 
  

     
      
 

ee 7 — >. $$ ; —— s
THE LOVE DF OAT Sandwich West Council parliament awarding him $250,000 for | tendent reported the next morning. : P |
§ --- 7 his service fi South Africa and Jater Ono of the architects had the cour- Runabout - - $475 r
‘ ‘Why Normal, Active People Always ; "i Saturday, September 22nd. | adding to that $150,000 for smashing | age to ask the august Jady what bad 4 Touring - - $495
Crav ‘ouncil met as per adjournment. All bal S d ha ed, since the former superin- Y MW WS
Oats contain more body-building foodthan | present. Minutes of Inst meeting i ie haa aay hee ae tendon of the Job "whieh was mail} a . 7’ Coupelet £695
} any other grain that grows. They contain | were read and ado pho . igs eae ¢ 2 ; Nie ae
more energy-giving food. You know their |” Mr. Reaume Pk iii ihe house of |wrds. the most important the firm bad, was C44 890
effect on horses, Sut’ Tatroducale Wfor the con. |. Lbe late Lord Wolseley. recelved from | known to be polite and courteous al- THE UNIVERSAL CAR sedan - - = g
ilamanpernte arin asta Saorenors struction of a pave t on part of Parliament $200,000 at various times | ways. It seemed, according to the ‘ ’ , Be
brain's main constituent. ‘They contain | fropt road. Mr/ Reaume's by-law was,|@2¢ Was also given n seat in the house | Jady, that be had been “famillar. fF, O. B. KORD, ONT.

  
       
  

“Familiar!” repeated bis employerin
frankly expressed astonishment.

orcs i wes wcwotciae se | | KEMP FURNITURE CO., Dealer, Amherstburg. |

more lecithin, and lecithin is the chief | on'motion, read the different times and | Of lords for his triumphs on the battle-
component of tho entire nervous system. | passed. fleld, notably during the Ashanti war.
So epee cere iore Ontmienl uate Moved by Messrs. Droulllard and} But it was the Duke of Wellington

y grow ng childrencravelt, Itissimply | Ouellette; that the petition presented | whose. victotles brought in the great-

the call of nature for what bodies, brains .
and nerves require. * by Messrs. Healey, Page and Chappus fest spoils, it having been estimated

But.some oatmeal fails to meet these | for sidewalks on two -streets be} that his fighting resulted in a fortune
requirements, Onlythe richest, plumpest | adoptedby this council and that the | of more than $9,000,000 .
oats supply a food worth while, Thechoic- | engineér benotified to report on same. yee = t5 i
est oats are sifted 62 times to get the | —Carried. 5 His great victory at Assaye brought
grains foe Qube Outa. Only ten pounds | Moved by -Messrs. Rocheleay and} 2M a swordeand a service of plate

are Sccured from a bushel. Hut these fino R ary We from the inbabitapts of Calcutta yal-
i ; d by the Quaker proc- | Resume, that te petition presented ; At sg :
esa, supply Pee cecsaein cltcscalt ae by A. Lafferty and others for improy-| ¥ed at nearly $20,000, while for win:

Oatmeal is the most important food you | ng Gladstoné and Gignac boulevards | Qing the battle of Talavern be was
serve. And the best costs only one-half }under the Local Improvement Act be} made a peer and voted a pension of

        
       

 
  

   

perintendent that his employer turned:
“All I can think of,” the superin-

tendent said, “ia the fact that 1 asked . : y P ahd : Oe:
how the children were. Word camo N Dealer Harrow f
down one morning that Mrs. X. could o Ute 5 5 ©

a "¢

   

not see me because the children’ were
il. When sbe did appear the next
day all I said wns I hoped the children
were better. I guess. from*the way

 

 

   

 

 

      

     
      
 
 

 

 

  
      
         
     
 
 
  

 

  
  

cent per dish. Don't supply your table | adopted by. this council and that the | $10,000 a year to continue through two |'sho froze up it must have been that.” WAR-TIME RECIPES. LEER EEE ETAL ETP EEA EET EASTER ATTEND HAE EDT EE AD es
i with inferior oats. {|township engineer be notified to> re-| generations. alate nave 1 tioweatha a z . we
Madein Canada. me | port on-same.—Carried ‘ And later investigation show t Grah G d , ae
. " On motion, c fl ad d ffl His victory-at Salamanca greatly | the lese majesty Lad consisted in just |” Lol at bl Mie 1 Eh \ | wae
i Shatenala aeth at 8 is ume fl) odded to this already substantial tor- that inquiry after the children.<. | ~-| One cup of white sugar, thrée. cups : : : 4
: Sey r 29th “ o'clock. tune, since he received afer it the ‘j2~ Jof sour milk, one tablespoon butter; : ie
\ THE WINQSOH FAIRe thinks “Of. pariistedf, most. royally = a ee nee eat Ate ae ne SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS. ~
RS wate a) The Windsor Fair closed Thursday 00 Go OD: by A RAT UR AUC “ Changing the Remedy. salt, two teaspoons soda, one cup of _JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH, z
i night. Tho<attendance forthe three Professor Richet {nformed the Acade- | wheat flour, twd teaspoons baking %

 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
           
   
    
  
   
      
   
   
 
   
    

After the great campaign in the Pyre- | mie des Sciences at,a recent meeting powder, two cups Graham flour, one
nées and the Battles which sept Na |in Paris that he bid proved that.mi- | cup chopped raisins Bake from twen-
poleon to Biba,; Wellington was made | crobes very quickly accustom then- | ty twenty-five! minates, 2
a dnke by his grateful country and | selves to a medium that at first is pol- Salmon Soup. :
was given a grant df $1,500,000 and bis |\sonous to them. ‘Therefore be sug- To one quart of milk add two
income made,up to $85,000 a year. _} gested tlint wounds should be irvignted | tablespoon of chopped onions, boil in
In consequence, whem the Frenchem- | with severa).different antiseptics,using |a double boiler for thrée minutes,
Deror escaped from Elba and made | one one day, another the next and ney- | strain out onion. Then to the milk
that triumphant march that ended at | er bathing the wotnd with, the same | "44 one large can of salmon,. butter
Waterloo, the Duke of Wellington, re- | antiseptic fwo days in succession. sizo of ‘a walnut, one and’ one-half

days totalled more than 20,000;

The exhibits of the county townships
took more than tour hours ta judge,
President _F. W. Joinson, Colonel B:
S.. Wigle and other judge finally, de-
clared the Gosfield South entry Win-
ner of the first prize, with Gosfleid
North and Sandwich South taking sec-
ond and third money.

The stand was filled when the free-
forall Ford automobi\é elimination

WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUBBEROID, ROOFING, ©
BEAVER BOARD- Si ae :

Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER.

    

- reas a

Guns, TRAPS, SPORTING Goops
JOHN HALLAM.Limited

406 HALLAM: BLDG, TORONTO.

L. BERTRAND
_ FUNERAL DIRECTOR

   
     
     
  
   
 
    
 

   
 

 
 

     
  
   
  
 

EERE EEE EEE EEE ESET TEEPE EES

Poe es ee ee aa sear

RACTICAL Embalmer, Murray Ste heats were started. The first heat, turning a hero to London, perplexed The editor of La Nature suggests speed es pF Adon, orate er Planing Mill and Lumber Yard a
NS Amherstburg. Day or mln oy with three driving, resulted in Wilson, |@!! England with thé problem of how’ | that this idea may be applicable. alsc Pe ra eta : ; 3 ea hee . ae re
, nes |Of Detroit, finishing first. His time te reward him. The hightst honors |:to interna! mediciue and may explain : Sal Loaf AMHERSTBURG, ONT. {
r . for_five miles was slx minutes ten] @nd a great fortune bad already been | why each new. retiedy produces for Save Wa cle ten thesou :
seconds. siven him, but parliament added an-|| several days 2m, marked improvement, grt : at PEELED ELLE EE ETE EEE EE EEE EEE EE EP EEE EE EEE EEE

McCarthy, of TDatrolt, won the sec-| other $7,000,000 to his wealth, and he) aiecoa acar ioe Latelicolicn alain) ea add to it two cups of dried. bread

ond heat from Rise, of Detroit, who
wns driving car No, 18, which George
Fullington, of Detro\t, was steering’

crumbs, two eggs, a little more pep-
drew in addition “$300,000 in prize | the microbes and. the body have be- pér and salt {f desired. \ Press aul

money, and the king of Portugal/pre- | come accustomed.té the new mediciné. | {nto a bowl and’ steam in steamier
sented him with plate worth more thao ere forty-five minutes. Turn out. and

 
   
 

 

r . CHAS. LEGGETT Senay patria Se wee $50,000, Odd Veranda Decoration. serve cold, with sliced tomatoes, or}
4 GRADUATE OPTICIAN. out the final, making 1) miles inexo| ~ Tals 18 one of the greatest fortunes | A wall known hotel in Marblehead, | 0 Jettuce with salad-dressing. Serve
i Nineteen oar experience, Hundreds otsatis minutes 49 seconds, ” ever made in. warfare—that is, by pub- | Mass, bas a large brass dial set in the | $0UP one day and loaf thé next.
ee een aricrs a iin geville Dusang, driving @. stock Canadian | le gift floor of one of its verandus, on which = Sour Cream Pile.
Exalusive Optical Parlors, i __|Ford; outclassed three other com: Nor do the rewards that England | are indiciited the points of the com- One cup sour cream, not too rich,
Issuer of Marriage Licenses. petitors in the race for Canadian’ cars, | gives ber soldiers consist merely in | pass and also the direttions in which |)#lf cup sugar, 2 level tablespoons'}

 
   
  
 

fidour, 1 egg yolk, pinch salt, half cup

GC. P. R. Tloket-Agont. Colton, of Windsor, was second, and } flat sums of money or titles? In :
: a y many |/several importait citles 16 and their Faisins). halt t SUL AAGhN ofa cinnk!

MéLéod,-of Sarnia, third. ~ instances they take the form of pen- | distance awny. [tshows, for éxampl
Mclean, of Detroit, agaln took all} sions, to be continued for several oak. that sainersa (aioe fort ig doeiSenke oi Pre ee ee nue Sat 3 i vie
cle @Vontg. 5 v
He ae ine ean oe [erations Lord Napler of Magdala re | proximately 240 miles away, that Lon, | 02, Niti rich crust and addithe above
Windsor Public schools was Swarded’| e!¥ed. Pension of $10,000 a year to | don fs almost due east 3,785 miles dis- half hour and finish with the white of
le ¥
a silver trophy. extend during ¢wo lifetimes, and when | tant“and that 942 miles to the south- | the eggs browned. »Simple but delic-
Se ES Lords Raglan was killed in. the at | east is Bermuda. ‘This unusual decora- | fous. $
Although the value of Dijjidings | Russian war bis wife was given $5000 don in the" floor of the verinda, says Meat Balis.
erected im Windsor earns Shs last | q year and his son $10,000 a year, while | Popular Mechanics. is a source of much | Mince one half pound cold meat fine,
: Se OO ee ompared. Wire ere | Viseount Gough, the hero of the Sikh | interest to tte cuests of the hotel, who }add 1 sapere clio per, fel, 1 ons,
Lane aed S ‘ . auy q 7 a small onion cho « fine, e-
DR. W. H. McBRIDE,, | corresponding period of last year,-32 war, recelved not only a pension of / come from mauy quarters of the globe. BRS SO Le Lg ys alceeanon
3 ors more permits were issued by, Building | $10,000 a year from the government, =a THE Rab: het ipa hGHix welll ahion,
Veterinary Surgeon. Inspector Robert eet In He tat bas A sous sum from the Honorable e% Oa Ditters Seoure, aa. |@d4-two cups bread crumbs Fcuvese
:Dalhouale atreot south | pine months of 1916, permits, ya). ist In company. 4 is “Can you. te me,” xnid thé court, ad- ..
Offices and realdence : Dai n War thieeietary of tbe. Nile: Nelson. |idi®astii® Enrico Ufyzzl! under exemke in one. salf teaspoon lemon juice, and

=noar, Wiglo's Mill, Amborstburm, Bell Tole} ved ut $1,088,580, were taken out, gom- , atir in one well beaten egg. Form into
phono No, 142 Calls answered day |r wIgneS pared with 486 permits during the firgt | received a pension of $10,000 a year to | nntion as to tis qualificatione for citt | halls then roll in flour uit fry, in deep
lust through .three generations, After ;

 

  
   
    
   
   
    
    
   
   
  
  
 
  
   
   
      
         

 

  

 

    
   
 
 
   
   
   
   

 

 

 
   
  
    
  
     
     
 
  
     
   

   
   
    
  

   
     
  
    
      
           
    

 

 

    
     
     
     
    

    

    
    

| Won't Shrink Woollens Because i’s Different” If

Here you have a preparation—tiny, satin-like

awvafers of the purest essence of sehen actu-

ally makes woollens as fresh and lightandfleecy
as when new. m2 5

     
  
  
   
     
     
     
   
   
    
   
   
  

  
  
   
   
    
    
  
    

     
  

 

 

    
    
   

         
 

      
 
   
 

 

y . * 4
4

Socks and stockings—sweaters and sweater
~ »coats—white flannel suits—underwear—blankets
‘—all come out of the er LUX _ bath absolute-" »

     
    
  
  

 

   
  
    
    
  

Sai three quarters of this year. Forty-six zenship, “the difference een’ the | fat:
ee building ereoted in September Were'] the battle of Aboukir Bay be was mude | Powers and prerogatives of the king of}: Vegetable Cutlets.
ee U S U OTE you valued at $67,810, — i @ peer, nid a second $10,000 pension | England aud those of the president of | (One tablespon chopped parsley, 1
LET , There is more Gatarrh in this sec-| Was udded. ‘The Irish parliament at {the United States?’ “Yezaiiy spoke | tablespoon onion, 1 tablespoon beet
ay " tion of the country@hah all other dis-] the same time ted him*a pension | UP Ufozzl promptly. “King, he got | cooked and cut smallithe salt and
pf —OoOn— enses put together, and until jhe last] of $5,000 a year for life, while the Hon. | Steady job.” om + pepper, a pouna br crumbs, 2)
At Seen ‘ few years was supposed to be incur-| orable East India company-added' tts [/ os roo 0! Sor stare thes A aed 5
LUMBER, SHINGLES able, For a great many years dectors} ittie gift of $50,000 a year, - ; % And There They Are. with <A” beta? teka, alee i ite
tessa erat pronousced it a local disease and) Lord Alcester; another great English | .He-~ You told me before -we were | Mitn f beaten eggs. Shape Into cut
amos ee prescribed local remedjes, aie att Fon-| soldier, was awitded a pension of $10. | Married that sou wonld make every Ba ae
3 LATH, FRAMES, SASH, apantly sues 18 Paar: Sey 200 o yenr, but liad it changed for the | ©@ort to be economical, She~And: son }- a % :
‘ ment, pronovncrarrh tO. be. Constic MMe aurm of $150,000. = =. | told me at the same time that for | TWELVE HOURS TO GROW

  
  

  
    
  
   
  
 

  
     
    
  
   
   
  
 

    
 

“AN. ACRE OF WHEAT |

 

     

   
 
 

 

    
   
       
  
    

    
 
 

id DOORS, ETC. tutional’ disease, and therefore ye=) The commuting of penslons was done |-ould’ make overs effort ty render ) ly ‘unshrunk. Get: ;
— i et 5 a ee . a Homies unnecessary. |” ( FS ey . ty unshrunken and CLEAN, -Get'a- pac! i
“sian prana wan Beara. {ISLS Cure, manaciicl DY, I lautora Woncey peering ¢immm9 | at eee eee ne ete eoes wie. toad the directs Will be. coed now oul aes
a Brand Wal & Co,, Toledo, io, iS the “(6 the f $10,000 ny di Secs aa Beg gnc | BOS . y | | a cath
‘ Eased o ee Par onstitutional eur on ie mat] during ag A reek ers sel 5 Rather, Cynical; => ; oe aati rete ee Pn i Py be te
Oak Finish Wall Board. pest. ue ie ks : Neaspcouful ate Such pensions and rewards sound | 30 : Ae ors” | with ‘Ald. of Tabor saving machin: : a L Na
‘ante directly onthe blood eliormous compared with those of this. : 12 hours of human labor are} : %

"Bishopric Lath: Board. : tem, “Threw “they ‘ > |. : tons. tO grow an
: ae Mi] mucous surfaces of the system, They] a ie 388 PRs f 5
- one hundred dojlars for, any ase ‘put up or and thelt oe er ; ‘ mor °
jie sie cure, Send for circull 2 Bes pare iF pea co :

itestinion!
i} Address: F. J.

tedo, O..
Sold. by

  
A Parcel for the
Soldier Boy.

A dry goods store offers some
useful suggestions. Here are
some:—

Khako Cotton Handkerchiefs—
10c, 3 for 25c.

Silk Hdkfs., 50¢ and 90c.

Wool Socks, good ones,
pair,

Other Socks, 25¢, 35c, 45c, 75c.

Wool Gloves aid Mitts,

Shirts and Drawers.

Fine Wool Jerseys to wear un-
der tunics.
Abdominal Bands,

$1.25.

Sweaters, Khaki Shirts.

Fox’s Puttees.

Small Towels.

Khaki Towels.

Bachelor’s Buttons, easy to fix,
won't come off, a box for 15¢

Knit»a pair of Socks or a Cap

for the soldier.

A new shipment of Scotch Yarn
Khaki a full weight
skein, 4 02.,.....

Or a pound for

Grey, in several shades—
4 oz. skein...
Or a_ pound

So Distinctive That It Trans-
forms the Street
Costume.

You'll find one or two of a
kind in these stocks and jabots
of net, Filet lace, and some
lovely French laces. Prices
range according to style, 75¢ to
$3.00.

Good looking organdie sets,
with collars in shawl or flat
shapes, are cambined with net
and organdie. They are excep-
tional values at 95c, $1.00 and
$1.15 Sett.

2

‘~

$1.00 and

AL inenBlouse
$1.15

Rather an unusual offlering
in these days of scarce linen.
But so it is—sailor collar, hem-
stitched and embroidered fronts
—newly piade, but the goods
were botight before the war.
Just the right thing for office
or general wear for the fall
months.

Bartlet, Macdonald & Go

LIMITED.
9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

WINDSOR.
pleofecfoofncfoofecfoofocfeoloelenloefeofocloofoeteofocleoiecleoloeteelocsonlooieelooioesoeieesooioeiesiorteniotiortees

= 1

NOTE—We will gladly assist
any one to pack soldiers’ par-
cels, whether furchased from

_ us or not. Come in the morn-
ings, please.

 

 

|

Sh i i 2M NM 2 2 SJ Me Me

=

Se a as a ea ee a

+

In response to an appeal for re-
prisnls on-Germany from a crowd of
poor people jn the Southwest district
of London, Premier Lloyd George
shouted to the crowd; . “We Will give |
it back to them and we will give It to|
then soon. We-shall bomb Germany
WO) with compound int t” The crowd

® | cheered the promise of the Premier
wildly :

Charles A. Hanson; alderman of}

London and member of Parliament for
tie, division of Cornwall,

was Clected lord mayor of London,
Bngland. He will suceed Sir William
Heory Dunn. Mr. Hanson formerly
resided in Mon . With
brothers, who are still in Montr
founded the firm of Ha ym Br
stock brokers. Mr. Hansor a e a :
3 f eturned there —The first class of recruits under
25 Et Hp ae ed in Canada | the Military Service Act will béercalled
ihe daughter of Jam 3 on (P00 Saturday, October 13th. A
justice of the peace at Trafalge ynt, | Proclamation wil be issued on that
The new lady mayoress <is..the_first date notifying men in Glass 1 that
Canadian woman to occupy that jio- within a speelified time they are eith-
ér to report for military duty or to file

a claim for exemption.

southeast

Publishea by

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., himited
: Amherstburg, Ont,

J. A. AULD, © A. W. MARSH,
PRESIDENT, Seo'vy-Treas

Friday, October 5, 1917.

E. W. Plewes, principal Chatham
Central school, was on Saturday nom-
inated by the Conservatives of West
Kent to oppose A. B. McCoig, M.P., at
the coming Federal elections.

American Government control over
the coal industry was made complete
by an order of Fuel Controller Dr, Gar-
field, limiting the profits of retail coal
dealers throughout the country to a
basis which is expected to bring about
an immediate reduction in prices to
the consumer.

——_—————

It is ordered by the Board of Grain
Supervisors for Canada that the price
of No. 2 Ontario wheat shall be fixed
at $2.22 per bushel basis, In store
Montreal, and that price shall be of-
fective October 1st, 1917, and con-
tinue until August dist, 1918, both in-
clusive.

The Canadian Government has tak-
en steps to cut a number of large
lake freighters in two and send them
through the Welland canal to be put
together again and placed in ocean
freight service, according to a des-
patch from Ottawa. The United
States Government already has sent
several of the sig ships to tHe Atlan-
tic and will take more of them as
soon as the navigation season is
closed. The ships are idlé all winter
on the lakes because of the heavy ice.
The Canadian Government will take

 

about 45 of the big ships now carry: |

ing for Canadian firms on the Great
lakes. This will aid in relleving the
congested traffic to England and the
other allies, Much valuable grain
and other products are tied up in
Canadian seaboards parts for lack of
shipping facilities, The ships will be
put back in the lake service next
spring When the ice goes out.

At a conference of leading Liberal
members in Ottawa, Wednesday, Sir
Wilfrid Laurier announced that he pro-
posed to retire from the leadership of
the Liberal party. Sir Wilfrid has
been head of the Canadian. Eiberal
party since 1887, As leader, Sir Wil-
frid suffered defeat in 1891, and led his
party to vice
and winning three successive elec-
tions in 1900, 1905, and 1908. He was
defeated through the reciprocity ¢lec-
tlon of 1911, after 15 years of power.
In November he will celebrate his

| seventy-seventh birthday. His health |

hos given away recently to such an
extent that Sir Wilfrid feels unable to
go through the hardships of a*winter
election campairn. It is.conceded that

the Cabinet Sir. Wilfrid) Laurler- sur- |

rounded himself with was a cabinet of
the brainiest men in Canada,and the

Laurier,regime will go down In hig-}

tory as the awakening time of Oan-
ada when real development began.
Sir Wilfrid will not retire from Par-
Hament, but will again seek re-elec-
tion in Quebec East; and likely lead
the Quebeég end of the party.

ae Se

in 1896, taking office |

Remember iy Maiden School Fair

at S. S. No. 4. October 1th.
Miss

Laura pratt, of Detrot, spent
Sunday with sfaldan frionds.

Meet us at He Harrow Fair. Seo our
exhibit of stoves, ranges, etc. 6. Rich-
ardgon & Son,

The farijers are cutting their corn
in this: vicinity, and on the whole it 1s
Q very 89d crop.

Misse8 Grace Martin and Leah Bratt
are attenfing the Epworth League
conventloy {n Stratford.

Henry Cadarette has purchased a
stock hog trom G. G. Gould's celebrat-
ed herd, at Edgar Mills.

Ste C. Richardson & Son's ad. this
{8$ye. ‘Ten days’ sale of guaranteed

j Auto tires. Don’t miss it.

{ Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Pillon and chil-
dren, Mr. and Mrs. Shannon, of De-
{roit, spent Sunday at D. Pillon's.

The Ladies’ Aid will meet at Mra.

George Laramie’s, this (Friday) after-
Everyone wel-
|
|
'

noon at 2 o'clock.

come, ,
A large number of subscriptions to
Subscribers

remitting

The Echo are now due.
will confer
promptly.

Miss Ethelwyn Bratt is attending
| Alma Ladies’ College, St. Thomas,
| taking a complete course _ in music
| and vocal.

‘ Quite a number In this community
attended the Amherstburg Fair, on
Tuesday, and reported it as having
\beem a good one.

TH. Fox will redpen his store to-
morro (Saturday.) Lot of nice suit
samples, and other clothing. Get or-
ders in for early delivery.

Nearly forty dollars Has been ¢¢n-
!tributed by ratepayers of S. S. No, 4
|to Malden Seihool Fair. Of this only
about five is) special to No. 4, while
}the remaindwr has been gencrously
{Biren to the general fund.
| Mrs. George H Anderson's rose
jbushes are not behind any others in
| producing ‘beautiful bloom in Octo-
| ber. She has been plucking the cholc-
| est lot of second growth roses for
}some._time, and presented The Echo
| with 2 fine sample.

| The W. M. S. of the Malden church
jwill hold their annual services next
Sunday, the 7th inst, at 10.30 a.m. and
7.30 p.m. Mrs, .(Rev.) Snell will be
the special speiker at both services,
and will speak on-important phases of
}women’s work re the missionary
propaganda as carried on’ by the
\ church of God. Special offerings will
be taken on behalf of this growing

enterprise. ~Everyome will receive a
)genulne welcome.

Thursday evening of last week, on
the eve of the departure’ of Mr. and
Mrs. George- Desltippe from where
they had been living for some time,
they were very .agreeably surprised
by a large, number of their neighbors
|who gathered to bid them farewell.
During the evening they “were pre-
sented with a beawtiful’ centre table
accompanied by an address express-
ling the love and® esteem of their
friends and good wishes for ‘future
happifiess and prosperity, Mr and
Mrs, Déslippe expressed their gratl-
tude and gave the compamy a ‘pleas-
ant sociai*time,.They have moved to
the W. L: Golden farm.

a favor by

 

ne

Military Service Act, 1917

Explanatory Announcement by the

Te MILITARY SERVICE ACT has received the assent of the
Governor-Genernl and is now part of the law of theland. It will/be
enforced accordingly, and the patriotism and good sense of the

people can be'rclied upon to support it. Resistance todts enforcement,
however: by word or act must and will be repressed, as redistance to any

other law in force must be.”

Reinforcements under the Military Service Act
immediately required =

It is the intention of sie Government immediately to exercist the
power.which the Act confers and to call out men for military service in
order to provide reinforcements for the Canadian forces.. This is neces-
sary since the military: authorities report that the reserves available or
in sight for reinforcement will shortly be exhausted unless this step be
taken. .

First call limited to men between 20 and 34 who were
unmarried or widowers without children on

July 6, 1917 7

‘The present call will be limited to’men not in the schedule of excep-
tions who were unmarried or widowers without children on 6th July,1917;
are at least twenty years of age, and were born on or since January 1st,
1823. Of this Class all.those will be entitled to conditional exemption
whose services in their present occupations, agricultural, industrial or
other, are essential in the national interest, and whose business or domes-
tic reponsibilities are such that serious hardship would ensue if their

* services be required. Conscientious scruples based upon d prohibition
of combatant service by the articles of faith of the religious denominiition
to which men belong will also be respected. - The men first required to
serve will consequently be those who can be’called upon with the least
disturbance of the economic and social life’of the country.

Civil Tribunals to deal with exemptions

_ Questions of exemption will be determined, not by the military
authorities or by the Government, but by civil tribunals composed of
representative men who are familiar with.local conditions in the com-

munities in which they serve, who will geo parte ene:
services and who will (be able

ppeal Tribunal for the whole of Canada;

selected from among the present Judges of the Supreme Court of 4
will be constituted in order that identical principles may be a)
throughou' In this way every man moy rest assured
fair and full consideration of his circumstances and the national require-

ments both civil and military.

Proclamation will announce the day“

A proclamation will issue calling out the bachelors and
referred to and fixing a day on or before which every man mi
service to the military authorities unless he has before

application for exemption. — ° ¥
How to apply for exemption

s7

Minister of Justice

Exemption Tribunals in all pa

rts of Canada

The local exemption tribundlls'will be constituted with the least dela
possible; consistent with the selection ,of representative individuals

compose them, and the instruction of the membersiin their duties. Ther
will be more than onc thousand of such tribunals throughout Canada, each *
consisting of two members, 6ne of whom will be nominated by a Joint
Committee of Parliament, and the other by one.of the Judges of the
existing Courts. Every effort will be made by the wide distribution of
tribunals, and by provision where neccessary for their sitting in more than
one place, tom he inconvenience to which men will be put in
obtaining the d tion’of their cases.
A Registrar will be appointed in each Province, who will be named
in the proclamation and to whom enquiries may be addressed. “Each
Provincial Registrar will transmit to the appropriate tribunal the appli-
cations for exemption which Have been submitted in advance of the sit-
tings, and men who have sent these.in will not be Tequired to attend the,
tribunals until notified to do so. AOther applicants should attend.per~

sonally on the tribunal without notice.
How to report for service

Men who do not desire to claim exemption will report to the military
authorities for service either by mail or in person at any time after the

issue of the proclamation.

Forms of report by mail will be found in all

post offices, and, like applications for exemption, wil! be transmitted free

of postage. _
Early report advantageous

No man who reports for service will, although he may be medically
examined and passed as fit, be required to go into camp or join a battalion

uritil after a day fixed by the procla

mation sufficiently Inte to permit of

the disposition by the local tribunals of most, if not all, of the applica-
tions for exemption which may come before them. Thus no advantage

Facilities for immediate medical examination ~

Immediately upon the issue of the
sit at every mobilizati
for service or who, subject to their

tion, medical boards will

ion centre for the examination of mien who report
right within the time limited toapply _ {

for exemption, desire to have their physical fitness determined in order to

allay any doubt as to their

in advance whiether there is a possibility

condition, or to know definitely and
D ured. -

of their vervices being

+
cs
+
;
+
-
Bs
:
+
oe
+
oe
+
oe
Bs
+
oF
as
fe
es
fe
%
:
fe
+
+
£

+ SWING.
Es
:
+
ny
ole
a2
Re
+
+
Es
cs
ot
-
ae
+
+
+
ote

these never to be had again BAR-.
GAINS. SALE IS NOW IN FULL

20 Ouellette Ave., -WINDSOR.

ached obepobebstobebebebededetelel

 

A score of relatives very pleasantly
reminded Mr. and Mrs. Curtis Mickle
of their silver wedding anniversary,
Friday evening, by taking them by
surprise and spending a most happy
few hours. It was an old fashioned
basket) party, and the lJodles. of the

\ party served a @elicious dinner, which

afl enjoyed to the limit, Congratula-
tlons and good wishes mingled with
the pleasantness of the social gather-
ing. Mrs. Mickle was formerly Miss
Mary Park, daughter of the late John
Pdipk. She andsMr. Mickle were mifr-
ried atythe Park home 23 years ago
by Rev. Mr. Gane,” pastor Wesley
Methodist church, Amherstburg. >The
Echo unite# its best wishes with those
of other friends.
Z SS
TOWN OF ESSEX.
Walter H. Wilson and A. A. Whot-
wam, of Leamington, proved to be
the champion bowlers in the Scotch
doubles tournament here on Monday,’

They were the wnners in-the final}.

event, each ‘winning a gold medal.
The runners-up were Dr. H. A. Bowle
and EB. Richardson, of Essex, who won
silver bread dishes. Dr, WijJson’s rink
from Wheatley’won the second event.
taking home the suit cases.. F. H.
Keane and Mr. Jackson, of .Windsor,
were runners.up;winning half a dozen
butter spreaders. Frank Stotts and
Dr. J. W. Brign carried off the um-
brellas as the 4yinners of the special
event after losing the first two games,
There were 32 entries.

WINDSOR’S GREATEST

“1f You Can’t go Across”

oud, of Amherstburg;

ANDERDON.

‘Harold Warren and Albert Burns
have ordered Chevrolet cars from
William. Trimble, Amherstburg. ~~

Miss Lizzfe Martin-and cousin, Miss
Martin, of Colchester, visited . the
Week-end, at John Fox's, Walkerville.

A large number of subscriptions to
The Echo are-now due. Subscribers
will confer a fdvor by remitting |
promptly.

There” will be a grand comic and
dramatic entertainment ‘at Lojselle-
ville on Sunday, October 14th, .com-
mencing at 3‘o'clock in the afternoon.
The admission is 60 cents.

Sunday visitor at Frank Nichol-
son’s jvere Mr. and Mrs, Maxime Ren-
Mr. and: Mrs,
R. Cunningham and baby, James’ Car-
nahan; Mr. and Mrs. D. Rogers, of
Wheatli¢y; Mr, and Mrs. H. Bickford,
of Pelee, ;

Fred. Recheléau has disposed Of his
store and jpropérty’ at Lukerville to,
Orvillé Atkiny of Malden, who takes
possession mmext Wednesday, and Mr.
Rocheleau goes back to his farm. This
is the property ¢hat Mr. Rocheleau*has
been advertising in The Bchd. Mr
Atkin recently solid-his farm in Mal-
den to Noah Deslippa. He. has a
good knowledge of business, and will
do his best’to merit a ‘continuance of
the trade that Mr. Rocheleaujhas built

up.

: € %

CLOTHIE

for Henry Vollans, this week. Mr.
Vollans had 1100 bushels of wheat,
1000 bushels of onts, and 300 bushels
of barley, and as all was raised with-
out a tractor the question is, how
much more would this progressive far-
mer have got with the ald of a trac-
tor.. AB wheat is selling atjaver $2 a
bushel, oats at 6b cents*and barley at
$2.25 the ewt. one can easily figure
out that Mr. Volinans had a prosperous
year, If prices continue so high“and.
production so plentiful, he will soon’
forget the losa of his big barn by fire
im 1916. In addition to this Mr. Vol-
lans became a grandpa yesterday

>

$40,000 Worth of Dry;
Goods Must Be Sold:
AT ONCE=

UNDERWEAR, CORSETS, HOSIERY,
BTC., ETC.

Come early and get your full share of

| Joseph Grondin did a big threshing 3

(Thursday), It never ‘rains but it

pours.
d

Loiselleville,

The banns of Samuel Knapp and
Florence L’Ecuyer were called for the
first time last Sunday.—Fr. Lolselle is
installing a “Duro” water system to
supply the’church, presbytery, convent
and school. This new system will in-
sure a certdin. amount of pretection
against fire.—Mrs. Bisson and daugh-
ter, Miss Albina, of Benuharnois, P.
Q, are the guest of the Sisters at the
convent.* Mrs. Bisson {8 the mother
of Sister*Mary. Celinie, Superlor.—A
grand drama, ‘‘Therese”la Fratieide,”
will be pleyed in the church hall at
3 ofelock pm., on Sunday, the 14th

ferent deresbrbesdetecorbsbodeseoferlesbedeceofcbosfodeoorlnbo oe onfefedooorfnfodeoforfnfoedecoofofsfedoofonsfestecorfnfectefooonf foe

en

“e

of October. ,See the program in next “©

week’s paper.

ra

Come Over to Boug's for the Best

IT of CLO’

You Ever Got Is

v*

The best suits

_ jfor older
_-|you have |

al <>.

ie

that ever

Bs

Ns

 
 
   

      

 

—————————

Your Appearance This Fall
Rests with your Corset.

 

   

  

 

~ &

Three generations have been wearing the clothing that we sold them. . Our clother were good enough for the old Grandfather; as the
years sped by they improved so much that the Son found them equal to his requirements; to-day the Grandson finds that they have kept pac
with Progress, and he, too, is satisfied. The old Grandfather's taste wasn’t very fastidious, perhaps, but the Grandson isn't soeas

    

   

corset. Get your new corset first. See
model we are showing in

At $1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 2, 2.50, 3, 3.50 a

  

 

. —Ok eo»

 

    
    
  
 
 
   
 
 

 

Guaranteed Automobile Casings
For Cash Only
: : -, AND :
Only For 10 Days
| October 6th and ending Monday
night, October 15th, we will Sell
CHREVOLET
_ GRAY DORT
- EVERYONE GUARANTEED
PLAIN (Size 30 x 33) NON:SKID (Size 30 x 33
590 - °19.25..
These casings, are first-class in every particular having been pur-
tional opportunity and will last a Us TEN DAYS ONLY.
G, RIGHARDSON. & SON
+ Ladies’ and Gents’ Rain Coats

se ;
Size 30 x 33
Commencing Saturday morning,
FORD HK ; )
and MAXWELL Sze WERUAITU |
Regular $20.00’ for Regular $24.00 for
chased before the advancein price. Get.in on this. It's an excep-
) GENERAL HARDWARE.
At prices that will astonish.

 

 

 

Royal Purple Calf Meal
Stook and Poultry Spuocifics
Pratt's Stook and, Poultry Remedies
Hanford’s Baloom of Myrrh

Auto Meta! Polish

Auto Body’ Dressing _
Roar Windows for Ford Cars

Trunks and Club Bags

HARNESS and HALTERS. All at right Prices.

CHAS. WEBSTER “HARROW

ONTARIO
THE HARNESS MAN

J. Hallo’s Big Weeks Sale

On account of being crowded for space we are offering the following

goods at prices tnat gives you an opportunity to

purchase needed supplies at

. 3 GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
3 a : ier SHOES ; Mon's seallNDERWEAR 60c, ..46¢

$2.85)|\Men's Summer Underwear, 6bc.. 450
an 2.35| Men’s Summer Union Suits, $1.00 850
00) Men’s Summer Union Sults, $3.26. $1

Men's: Fleece Lined Underwear,

$2.25, DOW 2. vsuseressesnee
4,00) Men's Heayy Wool Ribbed Under-

- wear, $3.00, NOW... .\.+.-s005
Men's prtaee Wool Combinations, ...

3:50, NOW. «.+e.+
Wouters Summer Underwear, 25 per

~~ eoht. off.

 

 

  

 
 
    
   
   
   
     
      
      

 

 

 

     
   
  
   
   
  
  
     
   
   
 

   
  

Women's Shoes wore $8.26,
‘Womens’ Shoes were $2.76,

‘Women’s Shoes’ were $3.50, iy ae

‘a Shoes were $4.00,
W ae Cushion Sole Shoes

were $4.50, noW.....--
axes’ Shoes, $3.00, now.,.--+
Mapes’ Shoes, $2.75, now....-«
Men's Fino-Shoes, $5.00, now... .4.60

* Shoes, $4.75, now...
Mews fine Shoes, $4.26, now...

      
   
      
   

  

   
   
   
 
 
      
  
   

 
 
  
 
  

       
    
 
  
  
   
   

   

to each customer | spools T

ETC,

The smart new modes in outer apparel will
not appear to best advantage if worn over an old

Crompton ala Grace Corset

THE EOHO IS THE

 
  
   
    
  
 
  
 
    
    

  

[even in

| Mami ino Stowe, Sing now. 428] MEN'S FINE SHIRTS
: Bor Capra ee aa 410|Mon’s Fie Shirts, $1.26, now ..
ae con's hildren’s Rub ‘Fall Caps, wero: 750, now. .600|
: Laat ET coe a ae A few Fail Caps, wore $1.00, now.760
> Afew Men's Suits to clear at COST.
At

the new

nd 4.00

 

W. R. BOYGE & CO.,

OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF COLOHESTER SOUTH.

   
 
   

bbe

$ HARROW. i}
EEPEEEEEPEEEEEEPELE TEESE

Chelsea Dayey spent Monday in the

city. i ;
300 J. Readman’s exhibit at Harrow

Fairs ¥
Miss Helen Adams is visiting her
aunt, Miss Leary, in Montreal.

. Misses Beatrice Boyce and B, Bis-

sett spent Tuesday in the city.
Miss Beatrice Brush has returned

from visiting relatives in the city and
in Lansing, Mich.

All those owing me accounts please
call at my residence and settle, and
oblige. H. J. Renno, Harrow.

Large Quebec heater for sale. Good
for years.of good service. Easy on
fuel. $2 takes it. Sentinel store, Har-

row.
A large number of subscriptions to

The Echo are now due, Subscribers
will confer a favor by © remitting
promptly.

Not everybody can win the red tag;
but the man or woman, boy or girl
who exhibits a meritorious animal or
article at the Harrow show fs doing
something to raise the standard of
production. 7

The popular Ford Glee-Club with
chorus of 40 voices and large orchestra
will -give a patriotic concert in the
1.0.0.F. Temple om Wednesday even-
ing, October 10th. Admittance 26c.;
reserved seats 35c.

Hear Rey, Mr. Bowen in the Angli-
can church, Harrow, Friday night, Oc-
tober 12th, speaking in the interest of
the British and Foreign Bible Society.
Hig;-discourse will be chiefly on his
work inthe warzone. Don't miss this
treat. Collection in aid of Society.

Hertiert Richardson, who sold his
farm Inst week to W. J. Goulin, has
purchased the Herdmanm house and
lot'on Sinasac avenue from F. H. Fer-
riss. Mr. Richardsom will move to
the village to retire ag soon as he can
settle up his affaira om the farm.

The Dopartmental judges at the
Harrow Fair next Twesday and Wed-
nesday will be:—Horses, Paul King-
ston, of Forest; beet cattle and sheep,
Jolin Russell,’of St. Mary's; dairy cat-
tle and swine, E. A. Graham, of Lon-
don; ladies’ work, Mrs. A. Dures, of
Goderich; poultry, A. E. Jones, of
Thedford.

The Quality-Ganners have been quite
busy the past week putting up‘the first
pick of sweet corm. In addition to a
carload received from Cottam, a large
amount came in from the surrounding
community, Another carload arrived
from Cottam Wednesday. Tho new
machinery is working like clockwork.

Mrs, Mae Simasac and Miss Georgina
Hilton were hostesges at the former's
home Tuesday night at a miscellan-
eous shower, given in honor of Mrs.
Everett Levergood (nee Beryl Leroy),
a recent bride. Mrs. Bevergood was
showered with'n beautiful assortment
of kitchen utensils and other gifts,
and the guests enjayed the evening
very much. ¢ :

Tho jadies of St. Amdrows English
churth are- counting om- your attend-
ance at their Fair night concert, Wed-
nesday, October 10th. The Ford Glee
Club, consisting of forty members, {is
one of the best in the Western dis-
trict, und the program they put on

 

cannot be excelled. The reserve seat:

plan is at E. FY Darby’s.. Secure’ your
tickets now before all. the good seats
are taken. i
“All thoughts now turm to the gréat
township Fair which will be- held at
Harrow next Tuesday and Wednes-
day, October 9th and 10th. © ‘The bills
are out, the prizoolists distributed, and
tho/officials havo everything in readl-
ness for the show. Harrow Fair ‘is
recognized as being in a class of ex-
cellence by itself. Its outstanding
personality draws people from far and
near and the olderlf grows, the more
it attracts. This year will be no ex-
ception to the rule. Let everyone gat
behind and boost for o bigger and
bettor show than ever.

“Fred. Herniman, has ‘recelyed word
that his nephew,*Albert Herniman,
who worked. in Ichester South a
few yenra.ago, and went from there to
New Zealand, where he onHsted, was
wounded in the right arm by'shrapnel
;while “fighting in the trenches in
‘Franco, and had to have the arm ampu-
tated above the elbow. The latter's
peroeaisr John, whe lived with his uncle

ere, and who also went to New Zéa-
Jand in November, 1916, is also on the
firing lino in France.”—Hasex Freo

      
    

tho same trouble as in other places
with outside buyers coming and offer-
ing growers such fancy prices forth
|tomatoes that they are ted to sell
the face of thelr contracts.
While oes a

th

   

   
   
    
   
  
      
    
 

 

Local’ canning factorles are having

Come in and Look Over Our New Fall Styles. *

 

NOW is your timo to get

Cheap Reading

Wo nro olefning ont back numbers of
periodicals as follows :

Scontsand undoric, 1éc. and under Se.
Ovor 150. for 10c,

THE SENTINEL STORE

BELL BLOCK HARROW

 

Miss Susie Martin- spent Inst week
with friends and relatives in the city.

The Rey. Dr. Husser and family re
turned Thursday. Iast after a three
weeks’ visit to Blenheim, Dutton,
London, Ailsa Craig and Atwood.

The anniversary of Harrow Metho-
dist church will be celebratéd Sunday,
October 28th. Rev. L. W. Reid, B, D.,
of Amherstburg, has been secured as
the preacher of the day.

Young men eligible for military ser-
vice are presenting themselves in
Windsor almost dailly.Dyere is some
good timber here, so far as physical
ability Is concerned. Harrow and Col-
chester South have done magnificently
in the way of volunteers.

- The Fair directorate are up againat
the sports proposition same as other
places in the county. It seems im-
possible to get two whole baseball
teams, ‘but they are making arrange-
ments for ample entertainment for
those who attend the Fair In the way
of speeding events, and other attrac-
tions. Harrow Fair is the.one big
family party held during the year, with
general invitations to all. See that
you do your share of the entertaining.

Hogs are reaching the $17.26 mark,
and higher.prices are predicted before
snow files. There is a tremendotts

shortage of hogs in the country; ‘and |

those who have a license to express
an opinion worthy of heeding predict
that hogs on foot will sell for $2b.per
ewt, before ‘the end of the year. This
may sound like a dream, but when
the price of feed and labor are taken
into consideration, it is more propor-
tlonate than the’ present wide dispar-
{ty between producer and consumer,

The annual Thanksgiving annivers-
ary services of the Presbyterian
church were held Sunday last. The
Rey. Mr. Gazely, of Wellésley, Welling-
ton county, preached two - very fine,
deep, spiritual sermons to large con-
gregations, The church was very
prettity- decorated with grain, vege-
tables and flowers, with our grand old
flag holdings prominent place be-
hind the pulpit. I. B. Webster sang
a solo morning and evening, which was
much appreciated, his voice having
lost none of {ts old time © greatness.
The frée will offering amounted to
$70. As na people we. have much to be
thankful for all God's ~blessings to us
these troublous times.

tte bt btet hb bbb bb

¢ COLCHESTER SOUTH ?

+
EEE EEE EEE EEE

*

Frod. Baldwin's children are ill’ with
scarlet fever.

Jason Snider spent the week-end
with relatives in the. city. ‘

Residents of Colchester sre’ expect-
ing anoher scow load of hard coal this
week.

Meet us at the Harrow Talr, See

‘our exhibit of stoves, ranges, etc. C.

Richardson & San. 3
The fishermen have all of their

Stakes driven, and expect to get their

twine odt early this fall

Ross Herniman and mother and Mrs.

Thomas Herniman  attendell the

Wheatley Fair Tuesday.

See GC} Richardson. & Son's ad. this

fasue. Ten days’ sale of guarantead

nuto tires. Don't miss it.

Mr. and Mrs. George § Thorburn,
daughter Helén and son Donald and
friend“spent Sunday at Thos, Craig's.
Oxléy W. M. S. will meet with the
Harrow W. M. S. THAD, October
llth. The Oxley ladies ‘Rive the
program. . _ =
A large nuniber of > Bsho subgcrip-
tions are now due. “A good time to
pay. them would be\.at the Fair next
Wednesday. F % ~

The East Harrow Mutual Improve:
ment ‘Society will hold their meeting
at the home-of A. A. Brush, Thursday
evoning, October 11th, ~~

Jolin Ridsdale was appointed Col-
lector of Taxes by council on Monday,
and will commence his duties as. soon

  
     
  
    
  
     
     
       
   
   
  
   
    
 
  
   

    

as demands.can be fapued.

‘Mrs. Charles Brown and children,
Mrs, Clifford Moore and, t
‘were Tuesday visitors at
/M. Moore's, Huffman road.,

Mack H@istead 1s getting ont @ large

: pea of coment Dipabastay earabalh
‘Enderby, Malden, who noxt spring is.

and daugh:
a ag (a

 
   
  
  
 

        
    
     
    
     
   

  

     
  

      
    
    
 
  
    
    
   
    
      
  
  
 
     
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
  
   

and the fact that our clothing pleases him shows how much it has improved.

TO THE OLD GRANDFATHER
TO THE SON IN THE PRIME OF LIFE
TO THE YOUNG BOY

GOOD CLOTHING

 

a good many cars of firat class’ Canada
Green shipped from the Banana Belt
this winter. .
| Rev, S, Ware, pastor of Central
Grove and Ambherstburys A. M. EB.
church, had half a dozen Nine ducks
taken from his place, this week. It’s
the meanest kind of a thief who would
| Steal a preacher’s poultry,

Threshing is winding up, and with-
in another week practically all thresh-
ing will be done in this township. Tak-
én by and Jarge, the grain turned out
well, and farmers have every reason
to bd pleased with the result.

The Women’s Institute meeting will
be held at the home of Mrs, George
| Catherwood, Wednesday, October 17th,
Rev. Dr. Huaser will give an address
here on the value of vegetables as &
dict. There will also be roll call.

Mrs. Joseph S. Wright, of Harrow,
and: Mrs, T.. L. ~ Wright, lake front,
jwere guests Saturday of their cousin,
{Mrs, Darius Wigle, of Kingsville, it
being the anniversary of Mra, Wigle's
birthday. They had a very enjoyable
visit,

Portland Cement.—We have a car of
| fresh, just in. We are also taking
;orders for another car, If you take
jit off the car the price is $2.10 per
| bbl. Kindly place your order if you
| wish to take it off the car, C. Rich-
ardson_& Son,
| We make a specialty of all building
hardware, paints, oilg, roofing, etc. At
present we have an exceptional bar-
gain in roofing bought betora the ad-
vance. Don’t fail to let us quoce you.
We guarantee to give you the bast at
the best prices... C. Richardzon & Son

Albert Tofflemire éstablished a. new
record with Eureka potatoes, digging
}@ bushels from 1 peck of seed pliint-
ed. They ore n fine lot and will be
all used for seed, The Echo has been
favored with a peck, which will be
}tried out next spring on its potato
patch.

Services in ‘the Methodist church
Sunday next as. follows: 10 a.m.,
| Sunday school and Bible Classes; 11
a.m;;and 7.30 p.m., public worship.
Morning subject, “Think and Thank";
—a Thanksgiving sermon; evening,
“A Life Made Over.” Dr. Husser will
speak at both. services. Everybody
welcome,

There are 43 appeals against the
voters’ list, all entered upon behalf of
the Conservative party. Seventeen of
thes@ are to add, 17 to ramove and 9
to change. Under the naw Act, local
courts have no authority to add the
names of young men, as ‘there is nodW
no. place. on the voters’ list for them.
These will be taken care of by enum:
erators to be appolited by the Gov-
ernment before every election. The
other Wppeals will be heard by the
County Judge in due time.

Ivan McLean, son of George Mec«
Lean, had a close call for his life on
Monday when he fell some fourteen
feet from the top of an apple tree, He
was picking apples when the limb
broke, and he came down with a
rush, striking; on his left»shoulder.
While no bones were broken, he
suffered a very severe shock ond was
unconscious for nearly ‘twenty-four
hours after the acident. He Js still
confined to bed, but is doing nicely
under the care of Dr. Collins. ’
There is a splendid crop of grapes
here this year in many districts, but
oomplaintsare common that the berry
is smaller than usual and somewhat
wormy. The price of grapes haw gone
up. 40 remarkably within the last few
years tifat it would not be a surprise
if the planting of vineyards would be
another enterprise undértaken by the
progressive farmers of ‘Colchester
South. The matter of grape growing
{s referred to in the report of Dr.
Creelman’s speech at the Amherstburg
Fair on Tuesday.

The annual tobacco buying cam-
paign has opened in this township,
and while both the Rock City Co, and
Imperial Tobacco Co, are anxious to
procure tho best of the crops, the
highest price paid\is 18% cents. While
this. is a good price in ordinary years,
growers are disappointed at not re-
celving from 20 cents per Tb. up as
they had- expected, from the published
reports of large shortages.” A num-
bor of tlie largest growers are hold
out yet, but over, 100,000 pounds we
purchased. the past few days at the
obové figire. There ure peraiatont
rumors of higher prices having boen:
pald elsewhere, but when these are
followed up there seems to be nothing
to them. = * ; 2
- Friday night, one of W. S. Cor
coran’s tobacco kilns, together with
$3650 worth of tobacco was destroyed
by fire. Tho ‘tobacco was to ave
‘been taken out next day. " dis-
\covered the blaze was too far advanc
ed to Se conquered. The fire ib su
‘posed to have been caused by a

on ono of the heated pipes.
has'th, reas

 

 

   
  

   
  

| WESAY’:Stick to the bridge that has carried you over §
so many times. Re

  
   
      
      
   

    
    
   
     
  

     
     
    

 

     

iy

       
     
   

You know you can trust it.
HONEST CLOTHING

     
 

 
     

 

HARROW.

       

            
   
 
    
      
   
     
        
     
 
 
   
        
  

Pickling Necessities---

~

We ‘have the varied sizes of pickle corks you
need. Tumeric Powder, Paprika, Whole Ginger
Root, Celery Seed, White Mustard Seed and ©
any kind of Whole or Ground- Spices in fine
quality. Bottles, Wax for Sealing Bottles and
White Wax in Cakes, :

 

 

 

E. F, DARBY, HARROW.
DRUGGIST | OPTICIAN STATIONERY
sai NOTARY PUBLIC

 

 

Pork and Beans

Clark's Chateau rand, plain
Clark's Chateau C;and Tomato Sauce

Clark's Baked Pc:'> and Beans with ~
Chill Sauce.

Clark’s Baked Porl: and Beans, piain

The sale of this excel-
leut food is not prohibit-
ed and we have a fine as- }

sortment. of the best} Clarks Vegetarian @cuns
; Heinz Baked Kidney Beans /
quality. TRY THEM © i
“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
HARROW Phone 5

Get Rid:
of those

Headaches §

By having your Glasses adjusted.

Our Operator will be here on Friday, October 12th.’
Come and get your Eyes Tested FREE.

A. G. TAYLOR Jeweler and Opti clan *

Harrow.

for seeding, with the result that quite
a number are through seeding —
Harold, son of Principal Elliott of the
Kingsville Public school, has been en-
gaged to teach S. S, No. 18 in place of
Miss Downey, who has resigned.. We
are sorry to see Miss~Downey leave,
as she\made a grand impression dur-
ing her short stay, but ill-health com-
pelled her to take a’ rest for’a time.
But if breeding” hag, anything to do
with making a teacher, Mr. Elliott
ought to do the job. His father, grand-
father and séveral uncles were teach-
ors, os

~~ McGREGOR.

Mrs. Ed. Malenfant, who underwent
& severe operation a couple of weeks
ago, is making a splendid improve-
ment. 7 -

Is there na fire bug at McGregor, or
was the total destruction of the* old
church hall, by fire, at 4.20 Saturday
morning “an accident? . This is “thes
question that is agitating the minds
of many fn this community. The fire
hwas only in its {nfancy when discov-
ered by Hildaire. Meloche, who arose
early to feed his horses. By the time
the village was aroused, the fire had
got beyond control, and the building
and contents, including all the school
desks, blackboards, etc., were con-
sumed. This building was the old
church, which had been remodelled
into a hall some years ago, and since
the reopening of school was used by
the teaching Sisters for school pur-
poses, the new school not yet being
roady. -While.thby had a fire in the
stoves Friday, few believe that the
binge originated from that source, es-
pecially since a few woeks ago an
attempt was made to burn the rest-
dence fitted up for the teachors. The

ardvfeoling that exists in the section
over the rebuilding of: the schoo) is
evidently responsible for this seco:
successful + at incendiarism,
and a searching investigation will ho
conducted. Tho Sisters are teaching
in the church week, but hope to
be able to the new school next
‘week, Tho loss to the section will be
in the neighborhood of $3,000 above
}the small insurance on the place.

ape — ——" ae. ca

     
   

 

  

PELEE ISLAND.

Mr. Hilburn, of Kingsville, is bus-
ily engaged putting in a water system
in James Nicholls’ house, ‘ ;

Owing to the storm of Saturday
might the Pelne was unab{s to go tor
Sandusky for Wer usual load of coal, ~~

The tobacco growers held.o meeting
last Saturday night and decided that
they would hold their tobacco until
the middle of October before oftering *
it-for dole.

There {s\a rumor to the effect that 7
Mr. Roe, oF Leamington, {s about to ~
purchase the interests of Prop. Deat-
tle, who has kept the Aquatic Inn fare
the past five or six years,

Dear Ed.,—I regret to inform “you
that the “South Bay” was sunk Fri-
day night, due to some cause as yet
unknown. Happily there were no.¢as-
ualtieas as the crew was sleeping
ashore. We are pleased-to loarn that
she has since been ralsed none’ the.
worse for her involuntary immersion. —
Just a minute, it was learnod: today
that a strange apparatus camo ashore
near the accident-which looked % ;

piciously Hike a periscope, .
The farmers-ere busily engaged

nering their year’s crop of) corn, to
bacco, cauliflower, onions sand ole
tatoes. Now, as you know, Peleg
has been. noted for its mammoth yio!
and fine’ quality of spuds. Our
friend Prank Dooley, who is in @ =
class by himself when it comes down 99
to raising that excellent rvot, has as 9 |
usual been doing some oxpprimenting.
ani from what we can learn had bron”
highly successful. Here's the way it~
gers: Firat put alayer of nice ie
nmiuck in the bottom of a. barrel,
four potatoes, end so on uuth the Da
rel {s filled up. They keep on gr
ing “until the bottom . Isyer peep!
through the top. Then scraps of
vines and what little muck ja:
of ‘the potatoes; head it. up, roll’
‘the collar and you havo 4.nice
rel of juicy spuds for the winter,
: ,

 

 

*

    
    
 
 
   
 
 
    

   
     
         
    

 
   
 

   
     
  
   
    
  

 

   
 
     
 

   
 
   
  

 

  
     
     
   
 

  
  
  
  
 
    
 
  
 
  

   
  
  
 
   
  
   
    

     
      

    
  
   
   
  

    
 
   
 

     

     
  
 
 
 
  

    
  

 

    
   

       
  
   

 

 
  

  
 
  
     
   
  
   
    
  

    
   

  

  
   
  
   
 

      

  
   
 

  
    
        

          

     

 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
   

  
 
 
    
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
   
    
 
   
   

   
      
    
  
  
  

   

the Garden: TOWN OF BEX. = [ ZS S29 ZN SZ
ik [oe Loucks, baker, had a .{> CRITICISINE A CRITIC. TED EC xay7r ates T
i ~ MSIALTUCE oa, Latcks, baker, had a mrrow, ex tex By : HERE'S A ONDERFU.

A Little Sermon a the Use of “Slow”
ae anAdverb.

A Brooklyn man rites to a’ Manhat-
tin morning paperin great distress be-
cuuse signs by theroadsidg commonly
say, “Automobiles <o Slow.” The writ-
er thinks the amount of paint and labor

red “to chang: the adjective to an
adverb would be very insignificant as
compared with tie purifying of a na-
tion's speech.”

But if purifying the speech means
dropping the use of “slow” as an ad-
verb Jet us be tinnkful the purifiers
did not get busy Sefore the great Eng-
lish authors began to write. The mod-
ern purifiers, or innovators, would de
Prive us of Miltox “swinging slow with
sullen roar” and compel Shakespeare
to rewrite the first three lines of “Mid:
summer Night’s Dream.”

“Slow” o8 an adverb has been in lit-
erature since the yar 1500. It is found
in Byron, Thackemy and the Edin-

FALL COA’
S202

For W omen's Wear

Made of Russian green cheviot, a warm
fabric, without weight. Large cape collar
trimmed with mole fur plush; can be worn
flat or buttoned criss-cross and high at the
throat as shown in picture. Self girdle belt
with gun metal buekle. Two side pockets
strapped and shirred. Deep, notched self
cuffs, Sizes 86 to 42 bust. An exceptional

he attempted to light the gas under
his oven. An explosion followed: and)
he. was severely burned about the
hands and face, besides being knocked
down. Part of the oven front was
blown out by the force of the explos-
fon.

W. G. Wyman has received word
that- his son, Hugh K. Wyman, was
promoted to a lieutenant on the field
after the engagement on August 15th,
and was awarded a miltary medal.
Lieut. Wyman enlisted on April 25th,
1917, in the 25th Battery, and has been
on service in France for a long time
with that battery.

Mrs. W. F. Stotts received a tele-
gram on Wednesday from her brother,
Pte. Harry Rose, that he had arrived
at Quebec. Pte. Rose enlisted in the
ith C, M. R. at Amherstburg on Janu-
ary 11th, 1915, und went overseas
shortly after. He has been in France
and England since then, It is Ilkely
he will be in Essex about the end of
this week. It is also reported that
Pte. John Scaiffe, who enlisted in the

   
 
   
   
   
 

.

 

   
  
 
  
  
  
 

Tea-producing country in

.

 

   
   
   
 

ZS

S

$

  
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
    

SS

   
    
   
     
  
 
    
   
   

B74

Sealed Packets Only. \
Try it—it's delicious: BLACK GREEN or MIXED.

 

 
 
   
  
 

 
  
  
  
    
    
     
  

  
   
  
     
  
  
   
 
   
  

eee ee WINDSOR.
THE ECHO
| The Windsor Jockey Club has dn-

Publishea by ._y,.,} mated $500 to a fund, which will be
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited) used to furnish a home for returned

Amherstburg, Ont soldiers.

 

     
    
     
     

SSSZ

on
W. MARSH Mr. and Mrs. Frank Cook, of Puce, ; burgh Review, Jonson's Dictionary value at $20.
J. A. AULD, A.W. sy Treag | 220 their six young children had nar-} 99th Battalion, and was wounded in| of 1773 quotes numerous examples of

Puesivest. Sno'V-TREAS| row escape from being burned early| France, has returned to Canada, and

 

  
  
   
   
    
     
  
     
  
   
  

Se —}was destroyed by fire. Neighbors

} ae Len
} r ~zepy | awakened the family, who ran from
At a meeting of the. North Essex}

. }the house in their night clothes,
Conservative executive in Windsor; The appeal entered by the city of
Thursday evening, {t was om ae Windsor against the apportionment of
hold an election there on Saturday. | ost to each municipality interested

ES | ror n
Friday, October 5, 1917. , Thursday morning, when their home

 

October 13th, It seems certain Eat in the drainage scheme of the Essex
Lieut.-Col. E. S. Wigle, basis Ue [Border Utilities commission will be
overseas as commanding officer of the heard by the Ontario Municipal and

famous 18th Battalion, will be offered |

Railway Board at Windsor October

the nomination | 30th. j
— | Contracts for building two» tempor-
}ary schoola have been awarded to

Edsel B. Ford. son of Henry Ford, /.Lambert & Braithewaite, of Windsor,
and secretary of the Ford Motor Com-)1,. the border city bourd@f education,
SeeicsnaS has heme sen tie Each school will accommodate 40
pers from the nations uplls.
industrial clause before the exemption [2 x frame building, formerly used by
Baise sen mu oe Foe gras }the Eust End Quojt club dt Brant and

x w calle nak 4ars r 5 n 7 ry
ae ws i AM LafeiniGned. Ebel evelic} Mercer streets, W Indsor, was destroy
the twenty-trs = rartified to by ed by fire early Thursday morning.
Se A ae eae teniber sath, {etc wining caused A blaze.

iy c ee : “| The damage is placed at $400.
The Ford Motor ¢ gM DaDY, . at Mark Bontront, Essex county con-
turing war supplies forthe This | table has been suspended by, County
Biase Se RG arslatn’, feeddon | Judge John O. Dronfgole, of Windsor,
grouni at Mr. Fo a e :

 

 

 

 

e

 

 

 

  
  
  

 

   
  
 

ffor his alleged assistance to rioters

from draft. eae ee who opposed Rew" Fr Brancis Xavier
: |Laurendeau taking possession of the

HORSES POISONED. |presbytery of Our Lady of the Lake

 

church, Ford. Bontront, it’ ise@aid.

took a léading part in the riot and
tredted some seed wheat with formal-| ysed force in an effort to prevent the

dehyde and had placed it in bags in |priest and a squad of police from en-
the granary preparatory to sowing At) toring the church. He was 4

an early date. S itternmoon Che) hur was released on orders of Crown
family were aw logs rooted | atrorney J. H. Rodd.

 

Walter Scratch, Gosfield South, had}

 

 
 

  
  

  
 
  
 

open the doors oY the gr and the} sua

horses got in and ate y of the) ee

wheat. “Two of the animals died inside | PELEE ISLAND.

of twenty-four hours, but the third is | SEA

recovering Mr. I 1 refused). Hivision Court was held hereson

$200 for one, and the oth
ly as valuable.

er.was equal-

Friday; September 2lst, Judge Smith

   

 

presiding. Six cases were on the

Ss. SS |docket, namely, Mrs. W. J. McCor-
SOUTH ESSEX TEACHERS’ INSTI-/ mick vs. Capt. Join McCormick; In
TUTE which judgment was given for. plain-

 

pie LJ .P. Noung»vs. L. P. Cramer,
Will be held in town hall, Essex, on | Judgment for Plaintiff; C. Rodgers vs.
Thursday and -Friday, October llth} B. McCormick,‘ judgment for defend-

——and 12th. : 5 ont; Cupt. J. McCormick vs, C. B.
Pee PROGRAM: / Quick, adjourned; John Labatt, Ltd,
Thursday. jvs. J. R. Beattie, Judgment for plain-

10.00 a.m,—Opening exercists uffs; Robert McCarmick, jr. vs. T.

10.10-11.00—Business, Elections, Aud-|Goodburn, judgment for plaintiff, The
itors’Report. legal profession was represented by
11.00-11.30—Report of Delegate to O.| Messrs; Easton and Awrey, of Leam-
B, A. | Ington, and Mr. Goodeve, of Kings-!
11.30-12.00—Number Work: Miss, Wiley | ville, being pres@nt. Court day is one
1.45- 2.45—Hygiene.- Mr. Halford, |of the specia) events of the yéar here,
London Normal School and we were very pléqsed that the

 

2.45-.3)595— Subtraction. P. McCal-|ladies were in evidence.on*this pur-

luni. | ticular occasion, as spectators.

3.16- 3.45—-Ways, and. Means of} == pee ee ie
ae % Teaohing Agriculture, Mga} - __ LEAMINGTON, aa

ins ie Grant, “ = = rrr
\ th 2 2 > Frida e. Thomas Wilkinsofi tias sold his 60-
H ea Ales ating tudy, Mr. Hal-}sere-tarm on the 10th eonceision of
ts ari,

: | Mersea to Adolphus Petefson, of Com:
10:00-10:30—Essentia) Points in Read-| je. Mfr. “AViixingon intdads to pur:
ing. Miss E. Wilson. chase a home in Leamington and wii
10.30--11.60—III Class in Reading, M188 | oomé to reside here at’an early date,
‘ McLaughlin's pupils. | Owing to theetomato crop im other
11.00--12.00—aArt in the Public Schools. | parts of the country being ‘frosted

Miss M, Wyman’ s there is a great demand for tha fruit
145- 2,30—Outlines for Jr, IT Gram: {ny thigy section where it escaped {n-

‘ mar. Miss I Quigley. jury. A Toronto dealer wig lcresthe
2.303 245—When to Enter High} Hest of the week trying to secure five
Scliool. 1A. W, Massey, lcars but failed. Late tomiiteas Jere

2:46-3:30—Oral Hygiene (Illustrated). |
Dr, ‘Benson.
? Address —

By Capt. J. W, Brien. Thursds
p-m in town hall. Subject:
jences in England.”

Chairman: Mayor Gay,

 

  

COUNTY FAIR.

ESSEX

%

 

  

  

   
 
   
    
  
     
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
     
  
   
    
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
  
    
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 

  
  
   

  

   
  

       
 
    
    
   
    
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 

 

‘ ‘game of football was
“Thuraday-afterncon between
ool team and a picked-up

} from the town, the

Wing too much for the
winning by a score
Gay scored the only

ee) |)

   
 

are only about a third of thé crop af
former years, A
The present price-of onions is $2.60
hag, and several growers dn the
rsh stand to>reap fortuics trom
thefr crops. One large srowem will
| probably realize $40,000 from his crap,
and others all the way [feom $1.05) to
| $20,000. Naturally these sums are
| siving an impetus to the purchase of
. onion Jand.
Sports. a | Dr. C, Gordon Hewitt, < Dominions
Half mile foot race~1st S. P."Green, | 7aoiogist, was the guest of F. Hi Con-
2nd Ernie Plant, 3rd H. E. Baker. atrs, [Owe On Fridty'and Saturday. “While
Hitching contest for ladies—Ist Mr8./here Dr. Hewitt made {investigations
“Bod ed pind Ayiss Bert egow man: regarding the setting apart of Point
ovelty Cc! ‘ ch S| Pelee as a bird sanctuary. He made
Clarence Colenutt; 2nd Floyd Switzer, a géneral survey of the Matsh sand
3rd Joseph McCarthy. > |the conditions existing atthe Point,
pate trials er res Pe ea {taking numerous photographs of the
moon. were quite epee 2 > i same,
heats being all closely contested. The | The Reid families of the township of
2.15 class was won by Fred. Steele, | Mersen held their annual reunion at
owned by J. D..Hill, Comber, 3, 1, 1, 1; |the home of Francis Armstrong, 10th
2nd Gossiper, onned: by N._Coulsin, | concession, Thursday. Over thiny
Leamington,4, 2, 2, 2; 3rd Kellar Hal, were present, and after a sumptuous
© owned by ‘H. D. Allen, Detroit, 2. 8, 3,1 dinner, the afternoon which was a
3. “The 2.50 clas was’ won by Rust¥ | most enjoyagle one; was deyoted to
Maid, owned by C. Clark, Harrow, 1, | games, music, ete. The reunion will
= 1,1; 2nd Fiabbergast, owned by St) joreatter be held at Seacliffe Park
Louis, Tecumseh, 2,.2, 3; 3rd, ee in the first Monday in September.
Bolle, owned by EB. Marchand, Olinda, | George Beatty, of this town, appear-
3, 3, 2. : |e! befor¢_P> M. Miers, of Walkerville,
Fair Notes. a * jcharged With haying had Ifquor. Girt
The 2.3) race on Wednesday and the trary to the provisions of the Ontario
6 class on aurea y, Me potty om Temperance Act. Decision was re.
boppasilion, ret. cle onted PF erved"anll Tuesday wh, Healty
yD, h i seat ee iatthiticeasone was fined $200 and costs. The charge
was the horse's Stacie is |W2% preferred ‘by. Inspector Stone.
in pers ont Reger: Sd a ots Rather than pay the fine Beatty will
from Jeses serve three months.
speedy but very dependable, making) 4+ 2 meeting of local ministers .at
‘ery few skips in both races. Thi8)iye presbyterian Manse, Inst. week.
‘as the horse's first race thi sseason, |The Leamington. and District -Minis-
dhe will, likely be entered at some) torial Association was organized. Rev.
ithe other fair races this fall. ome | A- W- Shepherd was elected president,
ue Society should’ make some) 4 |, secretarytreasurer. The follow.
ney tiie yenr. The gate receipts | ing are the objects of the association:
Vodnesday were $729, and 0) Roligious and educational stimulus;
jursday $705; the Soy ernment LS brotherly © discussion of _religious
gee Srant ess ; pte pts |themes an d co-operation in socin! and
alls and pens, $100, and trom} moral questions arising in the com:
‘and stands, aaa On sueqant munity. }
lesser number of entries the) 4 very pretty wedding took place
will be less than in for- Bathrday afternoon, September 22nd,
*) oo at Robert. Wigle’s, Talbot street east,
‘ Agi he aati when Miss Winifred Wigle was mar-
ar alling off in tho | ried to George Fry, two of Leaming-
ton’s most popular young people, the
ceremony being performed by Rev.
Rural] Dean Kinder. The bride wore
a dainty’ gown of white crepe de
chine, carrying pink roses and was
assosted by Miss Ella Whaley, of
‘town, the groom being supported. by.
'C. Benn, of Detroit. The home was
benutifully decorated with autumn

 

flowers and leaves.” After the wedding |

tions the happy’

      
     
        

     
  
    
  
        
          
      
   
       
     
   
   

   
   
   
   
     

 

has landed at Halifax,

GOSFIELD NORTH

Cottam.

F. Whitmore returned on Thursday
from Fort George, B: C., where he had
been for the last couple of months.
Mr. Whitmore purposes renting his
farm ‘here, and returning to Fort
George jn about a month.—The exhibit
of Gosfield North, in the township ex-
hibits at the Windsor Fair last week,
was in charge of Reeve Scratch and
Councilor Wyatt. The exhibit won
second prize, the first prize going to
Gosfield South exhibit——Dolph Noble,
who went west a month or so ago,
returned home last week. He is nego-
tiating for the purchase of a farm in
Northern Ontario ffom G. Shrumm,
and purposes moving to that section
shoftly.—John Jonés has.a grade dairy
cow which, last week, gave birth to
three calves, all good healthy animals.
two years ago the sanie cow gave
birth to twinicalves.—Amongst a num-
ber of graduates from Hotel Dieu hos-
pital, Windsor,- ons September 25th,
Miss Lilliam M. Montgomery’s. name
appears as one of the@ successful grad-
uates Miss Montgomery has .com-
pleted a course of three years at that
institution.-The marriage of Ernest.
son of Mr. and Mrs, Sam Wolf@, of
Cottam, and Nina, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Nathaniel Moore, of Wind-
sor, was solemnized in Windsor on
Saturday of last week. They will-re-
side in Windsor; the groom having
employment in that city, ~

 

   
 

 

 
 
 

         
        
       
    
   
  
  
   
  
     
     
   
    
  
   

 

 

   

 

|); PERFECT MEDICINE

FOR LITTLE ONES

It is a mistake to-think that anaénifa
issonly a ‘girl's complaint.. Girls prob-
ably show the effect of weak, watery,
blood more plainly-than boys De-
layed development,-pale faces. hend-
acres, palpitation, and a feeling of
listlessness, cal’ attention, to weak

 

blood in the case’of girls, But many
boys ‘in their teens grow’thin and
“weedy” «and have pimplés on the
face, showing that they have not

enough. blood The _annemiec) boy Is
just as likely°to become a+ victim of
consumption as the, pale, breathless
girl with her headaches and worn-out
look. Let the boy in» this condition
catoh cold and he will lose his stréngth
find his health becomes precariois, *

To prevent serious disaster to those
of the rising generation, leteboth boys
and girls be given the new ricl? blood
which Dr. Williams’ Pink Polls are
famous the world over for. making.
When givén*these- pillas watch how
soon the appetite returns and how the
languid girl or the weak boy becomes
full of activity and high. spirits, Re-
member that the boy has to develop,
too, if he is to.make a strong hearty
man. Give both the boys and girls
a fair chance to develop. .4trongly
threugh the ndw, rich blood Dr.’ Wil-
Hams’ Pink Pills actually make. You
will then see active. boys and girls,
ins’ ead of weakly children around you.
Dr. Willianis’ Pink Pillg are sold by
all Medicine dealers.or niny be abtain-
ed-by mall at 50-cents a box or six
boxes for $°.50 from The Dr. Wil-
Iams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.

   

“GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Ruthven,

The large acreage. of corn=in thin
district "is practically all cut and in
shock, and by the end of the week
all the Jarge tobacco, Both of the
White Burley and the Warne varie-
ties -willy be harvested and hanging
safely in*the barns. Late_ tomatoes
are coming in and load after load Is
being hauléd every-day to ‘the can-
ning factorics. Many who put pleces
of ground in sugar cane are now haul-
ing ittto the sorghum mills and bring:
ing back gs fineasamplerof sorghum
molasses as has been seen on. the
market for years.$The fishermen. all
along the shore have got thelr nets
in and already some good catches
have beech mado.—Quite a number of
farmers are making big preparations
to double their acreage for wheat, oats
and potatoes next reason.—A number
af black squirrels have been séen near
Here this fall, the first in many years,
=Miss Uto Malott has left for [on-
don, where she will attend the Normal
school.—Peachland Rebekah Lodge of
Leamington conferred the Rebekah
degree on severaj candidates here on
Thursday evening, Many visitors from
other lodges were fn attendance.

TILBURY.

John Imlay, of Merlin, and John
Wallace were each fined $25 and
costs in the county police court. Tues.
day for infractions of the Ontaro
Temperance Act. John Matt, of Jhig
Point, also charged with breaking the
act satisfied the court that he was not
Intoxfeated, as alleged, and he was
digmiased. Nelson Parker and Wil-
liam Currie, colored, charged with
stealing an automobile from Ray King,
vere further remanded until Satur-
ny.

The remodelling of the Methodist
church was commenced last week.
The two front vestibules have been
removed, ‘and in their place there is
being constructed one entrance of
somewhat larger proportions. ty
building will be repainted on the ou
side and redecorated on the inside.
This effort of the tion be-
‘apoaks for the continued interest
faith thoy have in the cause of
éousness, and in the dey:

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

    
     
     
    
      
  
   
    
    
      
    
  
   
   
   
  

   

  
    
   
   
     
  
   

    
   
  

its use by Donne, Milton and Pope. It
seems as if jt ought to be especially
suitable in an-automobdile warning sign.
For cannot old fashioned people (aot
“purifiers”) remember the couplet in
Marmion?’

And como he slow or come ho fast

It is but death who comes at last.

The English Janguage will continue

to be a noble and forceful means of
expressing thought:if it remains proof
against new and unheard of rules alter-
ing ancient usage. In other words, Iet
us investigate and “go slow” before
géndemning a word just because it is
encountered for the first time.—Brook-
lyn Standard Union.

    
 
  
   
   
    
    
     
    
          
   
  
  

   
   
    
 
   

 

Marat’s Deadly Prescription.
Whether Marat of “the terror” was a
veterinary surgeon or a fashionable
physician is a point pwhich historians
have earnestly debated. Some light is
thrown upon it by the memoirs of the
papal envoy of the period, who was

one of his patients, and reports as fol- ar
lows: i
“He prescribed for me some medl- orkers

cine which would have killed me if
the celebrated chemist of the Ruo
Jacob had been willing to give jt to
me. ‘I see Well enough,’ be sald, ‘that
this‘$s no medicine for you; it is medl-
gine for a horse. I recognize the doc-
tor’s signature; he js mad.’ Apparently
Marat had mistaken me for one of his

patients at the stable at which he wag
a physician.”

Women who are unnacens-
tomed to hard work, such as
work in a munition factory,
are subject to aches and pains
if the Kidneys are not working
properly.

Hundreds of women would
have had to give up their patri-
otic work had it not been for

GinDpilts

Perhaps you have had per-
sonal experience of these dis-
tressing symptoms—pains in
the sides and back, Rheuma-
tism or Lumbago, constant
headaches, swollen joints ‘or

urinary troublea, If se, profit
by- the ‘example of | other
women war workers and take
Gin ae Your mancy re-
turned if you say you'are not
benefited.” fe

Gin Pills ave sold at soc a
box or 6 boxes for $2.40,

 

The Modest Model.

Julin Ward Howe, though a woman
of very good appearance, was extreme-
ly modest.

“She once posed for me,” sald a Bos-
ton. painter the’ other‘day. “But she
hesitated along time before consent- j
ing. To urge her on I snid:

“‘Don't-be afraid; I'll do you justice,
madam.* a
- ‘Ah’ she answered, ‘it isn't justice
Lask for at your hands; it’s merey,’*

 

In and Out. Sample free {f you write to
The old saying that.a man cannot National Drug and
be in two places at the sume time has Chemical Co. of Canada,
at last been proyed false. Limited, Toronto

U.S. Address:Na-Drs-Co., Inc.

It was discovered one day that a 202 Main St, Buffalo, N.Y. 113

baseball player, much to the dislike of
& number of loyal fans, can be out at

Py
aod

KINGSVILLE.

ome, ~~ Fs chi

eo
ee "Ding ,

Getting What You Pay Fer. | pate: = :
Church — Seats -n the “heaters in James Kerr, ledger keeper at the
New York come high, don't they? | Molgon's Bank, has pee ee
= 2 " 7 to Queen street west branch at To-
pis See hn ag albeit ronto. He is succeeded by Wilbur
a Pre 18 the | ralton, who was formerly on the

Satisfaction when buying a seat in a ‘;

: Kingsville staff,
theater you ‘re pretty sure to get one, Walter Hanson .and Wm, Deagon,

of this place, have been examined at
=|, “| Windsor by the+Medfcal Board and
signed up They joined the, Medical.
Corps and reported for duty on Tues-
"day. fe
Frank Broadwell, Ford City, eldest
son of Mr. and Mrs, Frank, Broadwell,
Kingsville, and Lillian Sugden} ‘of
Windsor, were qufetly married, in De-
troit, on Satwurday, September 15th.
Elizabeth’ Cascadden,
,, of the late Alexander Cascadden, and
relict of her late husband, John Bail-
(ey, passed away after a lingering fk
»néss from 4 recent stroke, Thursday

 

Serr

 

4
The Faddist.
Grammercy—What, another new
gown! Mrs. Grammercy—Yes, dear; I
must have one when I attend the lee
ture on domestic economy.

 

There is a chaktityof honor that feels
a stain like a wound,

Sunny Winter Hog Bunk.
The A shaped hog bunk has been

much improved to make comfort for afternoon. To Mr. and Mrs. Bailey
Koy seven children were born; are gur-
the sow and her litter by the addition | wiying; George and John, at home;

of enlarged doorways, hooks in the
top upon which to suspend a lantern,
burlap doors to inclose the quarters
during 2. storm, glass window panes
inthe ends and side elevations to ad-
mit light The accompanying cut,
however, shows a good, practical pi:
of bunk. Fed
Tt admits plenty of sunshine, for with
the roof door elevated every nook and

Mrs. James Salter, Essex; Mrs; Henry
Willfams, 6th concessfon,. Mersen;
Mrs, Ed. ‘Hickmott, 4th -concession,
Gosfield South; Orlando, 3rd conces-
sion Gosfleld;@Mrs, Edward Barnett,
3rd concession, Gosfield South. Thirty-
four grandchildren and 24 great grand-
jichildren also survive. “Deéeased and
husband came from the township of
Malachide {in 1854 and resided in Gog-
fleld for many years before moving to
Colchester North, and lived there up

to her late residence, Queen street
south, where the funeral took place
from on Saturday, September 29th, to
Greenhill cemetery for interment.

INTESTINAL TROUBLES
OF POULTRY

 

Poultry breeders will agree with Dr.
A. B. Wickware, Assistant Patliolo-
gist of the Health of Animals Branch,
Ottawa, that/ there is nothing more
vexing in their pursuit than the prob-
lem of how best ‘o deal with the in-
testinal parasites that infest fowl.

 

cranny is exposed to the sun of mid-
diy. .This is fine for the sow and her

   
    
   

litter nnd also. prevents the
‘material from becoming damp.
The door is held up at almost any
elevation by the prop shown in the
upper corner, ono end of which is fit-
ted into the hole in tho edge of the
door and the various nails fitted over
tho latch bolt on one side of the bunk.
This Jatch bolt 1s fitted with a key
that holds the door down in case we
desire to keep the animal in. /The
Prop is hang upon a hook in the back
gablo when the door is = te
Best results from this plan of bunk
ore secured by setting it with the door
to the eastern exposure. Hinge the
opposite aide and it open
during nice weather, as it
get tho fall benefit of ni
shine—Farm and Home,

pesting

       
     
   

investigating the cause and. cure of
those pests and has embodied the re-
sult of his researches in<a bulletin
entitled “Intestinal Parasites of Poul-
try, Their Prevention and Treatment,”
that can be hiad free on application to
the Publications Branch, Department
of Agriculture, Ottawi. The doctor
first of all describes the disease and
methods of identification and then
prescFibes remedies by which it can
be brought under control. When on
the evidence of the Veterinary Direc-
tor General it is stated that the annual
“floss to the poultry industry of the

country from prerentage causes am-

       
  
  

  

  
  

recognized how tmportant and valu-
‘| ablo tho researches are that have been

bulletins Three. cla
Mary Herdma dy plate. minutely.
¢ J aites at Various

» died Friday | c
7 i Sandwich We

i

  
 
 

SS

 

78, daughter’

to several years ago, when they moved |

Dr, Wickware has spent several years}

       
    
  
  
    
   
   

ounts in value to $6,000,000, it will be,

SZ

 

MAIL» Eaters ee CR
INauiRiEs (EGEL @
SOLICITED ow . Y)

COMMER WOODWARO @ STATE

, MO CONNECTION “TH AMY OND STORE
DETROIT

See Uh
SESE KIS

 

i
|

   

eae

fa Little Stick of LE

9;
Makes the Whole World Kin!

ry. The...

This famous chewing Flavour

~gum aids appetite and di- Lasts

gestion, quenches thirst,

keeps the teeth clean
and breath sweet.

 

          
    
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
   
 
  

Fresh, clean, wholesome
and‘delicious always. _

No ‘wonder WRIGLEY’S is
used around the world, when-

ever and wherever people
want lasting refreshment.

PS ee

 

  

     
 

  

"%
Sf
NVER_IN SINGAPORE

 
  
 
 

    

   
   

      

      

    
   
  
   
 

    
   
  
   
   
    

     
   
    
      
  
 
  

   
   
   

      
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
     
     
    
   
    
   
  
   
    

    
         

   
   
 

 

   

     
   
    
   
    
     
      
     
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
        
    
    

a 7
, a
. op es F ae
MCLAUGHLIN: CARRIAGES = ~~
: ae “ :
1st—Smooth running and nofseless. a Wax
_ 2nd.—Rubber and brass washers (patented) in Canada and
U.S. oo a 2 a re é Stee:
‘ ; : fn ae “

        
   
  
  

8rd.—A. Standard wheels, exclusive on all four-wheeled
vehicles, : eS Pee : ee

4th.—Solid foot-gained front, padded dashes,
° bth._Hand-buffed “ long-grained _leather—absolute!
‘highest grade manufactured for the carriage F

ks

        
       
   
   
 
   
   
 
  
  

  

 

/conducted and the knowledge derived}
  
  
    
    
    
 
     
   

 

     

  
    
   
  

—— B ee eee
COUNTY TREASURER'S | est fe or All Preserving ~ Fran aty opin, the 20) day ot Sent a, oan served with 8 ait members. presqat< 23 am

notice by Charlies A. Bailey, ownor of the N E % of lot 82 in the said township t! Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded: by

 

 
  
 
   

      
  

    

   
   
    
    
  

  
      
 

. s ditch on the gin Concession Road is out of repair and causing damage to bis tends, Mr. Charette, that the minutes just

Sale of Lads for Lantic pure Cane Sugar is best and Oe iritig ae council 10. repair ahd’ improve the said drain or diteh under the read be adopted.—Carried. é 4
§ for aaa rving because of i rele rte ry n | Beate tne nid doulell has procured an examination to be made : Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by |

ae’ west bi Sa by Alexandor Baird, C.E., being a person Fompatant for such purpose, of the said area Mr. Charette, that The Echo Printing

. high-eweetening power

ial Co. get t tor $10, ie
and “fine” granulation. get. a warrant for $10,. printing

county of Essex, ‘ ‘
fo. Wit: tile drain debentures, and $9 publish-

 
    
   
 
  
     
   
   

lands and roads liable to assessment under The Munieipal Drainage Act, and has

proposed to be drained, and the means sugwesied for the drainage thereof, and of o
procured plans, specifications and estimates of the drainige work to be mado by the

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

By virtue Of 4 warrant under wh
of By der the hand

  
 
   
 

 
  
 
 

 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
    
  
     
  

      
   

        
 

  

5 SOT keane said Alexander Baird, C.2.. and an assessment to be made Dy him of the lands and roads ing advertisement for tenders for the
the uae Canoe an 2 and 5-lb. Cartons to be benefitted by such drainage work, and of other Innds and roads lable for contribu- of Sucker Creek drain and. the Powers
the 10h day of Siptombere A.D tty. eg lon thereto, stating a8 nearly as he can tho proportion of beneft, outlet lability and drain; J. 3. Newman, $18 tor surveys
io mo directed cimmanding we to’ We 10, 20 and 100-lb. Sacks injuring Hisbiity which, in hls opinion, will be derived or incurred in’ consequence oF 4a PE , $18, for ey,
upon. the. Isnds in iald Warrant, Uoseribed : puch, draine ie work by Ovary: youll on lot. oF portion. of lot, ene Bald. AbposAAnt (a g ' pia wnt averd of the John Knapp

7 <, z mailto bein 10 ONSes! ei er c! sur and

a ne Te Cop vely due thereon Lantic Library of Cook Books, tipon. the roads and. Tate, 46 Of lots, hereinafter in that. behalf spectauy sot. form oe x a a for survey, plat
together with all cos incurred free for Red Ball Trad k aed ; 4 C.E., In respeet and of the award on the Sam Paquette drain
T horeby give nuion as provided by ; eT TE ets said drainage work being: a8 follows: . FREE A. C. Mailloux, $37.50 third quarter’
sub-Sec, ec. 149, Chap. 195, R.S.0- eut from Carton or Sack. Leamington, 23rd August, 1917. salary, $2 fees in the John Knapp

4014, that tho sald fist ac iunds. Malden: —

   
 
  

To the Reeve and Councillors of the Township of

  
 
  

 

es 4 : P init + - Hi Trappers’ Guide—v6 ; iitus, | drain and $6 fees in the Sam Paquette
Yor arrears of taxes hor be + Gentlemen,—Under instructions received from your Honorablg Body £ have mado rs French; tatie bow and 4
and that, copies thereof my be hat te thie ATLANTIC SUGAR REFINERIES A survey With the abject’ of Improving, under the Muntcipal Drainage Act, tbe road eberelinciterrtwnatbals drain; J. C. Pettypiece, $3, inspecting,

   

omee, and that the lst is being publiahe "Pure and Uncolored” we ‘

fn tho Ontario Gazette ou satus ce P Ui Limited, Montreal
15th, 22nd and 20th days af September,
and the 6th day of October, 1017.

{ further hereby givo nstico that pur-

ditch along the West side of the 81h Goncession Road of your Township, from a point | & is full of useful informatt tile drains on N of E f Int 8
200 feet South of tho line between lots 83 and 84 in the 7th concession North to the Hall Trappers’ Supply Catalog—36 N % ho in

the 5th concession; W. G. McGeorge,
Fike Road, thonce East to Long Marah Drain, and beg to submit the following report Tifles, traps, vaninaal ball. ag We 3
161 thercons c : 5 fa nets, trappers’ and sporm- | Q, E.,' $80, for examination, attending
to the A I pease ane) pap ervanions ‘ar nite roa atch ty pict requlrads iy ordar to give ln a eur Newe—Ctres Inteat, price court, consultation With Mr. Morris
suant tO the Assessment Ac, yp proper and efficient drainage to the lands and roads its vicinity and along its course and advance information on raw
1 shall on Monday, the 17th day of 1 : that are dependent upon it for their drainage. d market. poe a re Long Marsh drain ap-
berd, 1047, at the hour of 10 o'olock in : = I submit herewith a pian, profile and specifications which the work IT re- edd Berday. fo abores peal; Alex. Borrowman, $110, for two
the forenoon at the Council Charber in the commend be carried out, “Tho plan shows the location and cou of te drain and —_ mi as thoroughbred sheep killed and five
Court House in the Town if Sandwich in ronds that will be affected by the work. The profile gives the d msions, grades and wounded by unknown dogs; Alex.
who County Of Essex, proved to sell by other data J recommend the work be carried out in compliance with, and the specif- M fl 11 f ‘J
public auction so much of aie said lands cations which are attached hereto directs the manner in Which the work is to be per- ayville $11, scraping on front road, .
: and $16 putting crocks in on 4th con.;
Robert Carnahan, $6 for work putting

© Necessar, * 1 formed.
eat el Aes and AOAN. hes Ls ts I further recommend that the road fence along the West side of the portion of the
crocks in on 4th con., and $2 keeping
lights on said work; Joseph Beneteau,

 
 

   
  
 
  
 
 
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 

       
     
 
  
 

      

 

 

   

    
 
 
  
  

      
  
  
 
  

 
  
 
    
   
  
   
  
   
 

    

  
    
   
     
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
      
     
     
    
  

     
    

= rt concession road and that south of Pike Road where the drain.is located be removed
He head Seay Darnanese and the carth excavated from the drain deposited on the land west of the drain along
JOHN F. WILLEN, the concession road and Sollth on the Pike Road and there spread and levelled to tho

‘ »

    

   

   
  
  
 
 
 

r width sh and as specified by the specification: 7, ri i
County Treasurer's ative er reenurers , a in connection with the work {¢ will be necessary for crossing over the drain, Sine venta aCe ae a3 ¥
Dated at Sandwich this iith day of sop- . “a whore {t crosses the travelled portion of the Middle Side Road, to purld a new bigh- i Bm Con: ger Fo=

 

tember, 1017 way bridge, which I récommend be constructed of cement concrete and steel in ac~ pairing culvert on 2nd con.; Dolphise
j ;

 

 
  

 
     
 
  

     
     
   
       
    
  

    
  
   
 
     
   
 

 

: cordance with the plan of highway bridge accompanying this report and in compliance 7 Beneteau, $13, performin >
: 3 aaa Sea: : : idea ; ! aft with the attached=specification: lating thereto, for which I have provided, as required ship's peor es UA sae a sping pee
BY-LAW N 471 : tay oe ; 4 : _| by The Municipal Drainage Act, in my estimate of the cost of the work, : mony ‘
ok 0. é or yee 5 ‘ ‘. = ae » For damages to lands and crops (if any) and for farni access bridges that tho drain; Raymond Cougineau, $40, part. |

ike E yy ae : 2 aoe ple Kander GHERSAES, I estimate the amounts to be pald to the owners of lands payment on the township’s portion of

: , i entitled thereto as follows: — si

A By-law to Raleo $10,009.00 to Aid in ft Lot For damages For farm work in the Centre 7th Line drain;

120 Hallam Building, Toronto

William Drouillard, $7.50, scraping on

  

the Construction of Tile, Stone or or part Name of ownors to lands access:

    
  
   
    

        
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 

 
    

    
 

 
 
  

     
   
    
  

 

    
 
    
  
  
 

     
    
 
  
 

   
  

   

  

  

  

Gon. of jot. or assessed owners. and crops. bridge. north side road; Eli Dube, $7.76, for
4 "i 7 fabs en SE re rane # , 7 yt!
Pa  oorh peg erie = SPA aaa Reet ae si  [3erapinw. on Bth con. Acniiio Bazaie,
Tat aes 7 MSE % 33: ; Temperance Hali 70 40 00 Ichester North Council. 2,50; cutting weeds on north side
FR Et eae eT aE 7 ONE pt 8 Se eh 40 iS on] Cale * _ |iine;' Oliver Reaume, $2.50, cutting
of Tho Tie Drainsge Act, enacts a3 fol- ROYAL NAVAL CLUB, : ee a ee Sane = Fan 43-00 Saturday, Soptember.8th. | Weeds on north alde line; Richard
LOS that the Reeve mar trom tine oo] TS the Zam-Buk Co. For att ae | FEES We sccan ai. Min, Mattes See Counell met in mpare present, | Milas Mariele, $1.00 cutting weeds of
. 01 : 3 4-9 ¢ m. H, a 5 . . $1.50,
time, subject to the provisions of this By- Dear Sirs,—I have found Zam-Buk most rellable for healing cuts 7TNGNE 4 Ea Bhi ts 45 001 pm. with all members presets woes Reletaet tt Dome ee ec ael :
Jaw, borrow on the crodit of the Corpora- and abrasions; while for the rellef of skin irritation it is invaluable. 7 SE % 80. Thomas Mar 7 00 45 00 Minutes of August 11th r and, on}") dh! of We . >» 98,
tion of the said Municipality such sum not EY M. LLOYD 7 NE Albert. Pillon 8 00 45 00] motion, adopted as read. cords of wood for the town hall; Wal-
excéeding in the whole §10,000,00, as may (Signed) RODN * ( TS Mrs. H. Cadare 770 45 00) ¢ {cations were rend as fol-| ter Coyle, $2, grading on south and
be determined by the Council, and may in Admiral. 7 NY James pillon Da ES 2 east townline, one-half to be charged
manner hereinafter provide Bry D. Pouget i 00 lows :— J charg

  
  
 
  
    
    
     
     
   

    
   

 

tures of tho sald Corporation var ENTIRE CREW PRAISES ZAM-BUK

0 each ‘for the amount sd borrowed, = ee 2 u
sim cou ONS attached as provided in Sec- From Admiral to stoker, all les of service praise Zam-Buk. Stoker Kings-
ays:—*"1 slipped and fellion an exhaust steam

tion 5 of the said Act. north, of H.M.S. “Cochrane
(2) ‘That when the counvil shal! be of pipe, which fairly frizzled the skin on my arm, At once the ship’s surgeon dressed

opinion that the application of any person the burn, but the injury would not beal owing to a lot of idirt.from.the pipe

The Bell Telephone Co., re billing of } ‘© Malden township; Wilfred Bondy, ~ —
accounts from 21st of one month to} #5, cutting weeds on front road and
the 20th of the next, the company ask-| "orth side line; Leo Vigneux, $11, for
ing that this be done In order that a scraping on front road; Charles B.
uniform billing perfod might be arriv-| Whalen, $10, a:tending at“Windsor re

Amounting to 80 00 88 380 00
Which. amounts Ihave provided for in my estimates df the cost of the work, a4
required by the Drainage Act above referred to,
sMy* estimate of the cost of the work including the removal and replacing of
fences in detail is as follows:—

 
  
 

     
  
   
    
    
     
       
   
   
       
     
  
  
 

    
     
 

    
   
     

   
 
 
    
   
     
   
    
   
  
   
 
  
 
 

      
    
    

 

 
  
    

      
     
         

       

orrow money for the purpose of con- . Excavation from stake 06 to stake 42, a distance of 4,200 feet.....,.... 360 35 t
TABI at. stone. or’ timber. drain causing blood-poison,. Iwas in fearful) pain and didn’t know how to get ease. Excavation from stake 42 to stake 84, a distance of: 4,200 feet Ps 404 35] ed at, The clerk was instructed to VEN eae ele appen, attending
should besgranted In whole or in part, the For weeks I remaified under treatment, but the ordinary ointments proved no Excavation from stake 84 to stake 107, a distance of 2,300 feet.......... 145 30] notify the company that this would be}: mherstbu: 5 re ona River

 

      
  

satisfactory for the toll charges. bridges debentures and overseeing

Council may by resolution, direct the
J. H. Rodd, re balance of account, | Work of scrapin ; on front road; Albert.

Reave. to ue debentures foroxald good: Indeed, I got worse. I therefore obtained a supply of Zam-Buk and

almost as soon as this.was applied: I yot asc, Fram the very: first application,

      
   
 

AMOUNHHE, t0 fOr excayAlON... sec ssien car acecuvezcncrncees 8 270 00

       
   
  

 

         
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 

   
 

 

         
      
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
  
   
  
 
   

 
  

    
  

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 

 
 
 
  
 
       
    
   
      
 

   
  
    
   
 
  
  
  

 
 
 
   

OW A-SUM Not exceeding the . New highway bridge, concrete.....,... 300 00
mt peter for, and may lond aie sam healing commenced ; and a few boxes of Zam-Buk nealedimy wound completely."” Allowance for access bridges......... 2.0 380 00 Canard law costs. Théclerk was in- Huneau, $260, part payment on bridg- ¢
to the applicant on the completion Of tho Zam-Duk cares ecrema, ulcers, abscesses, rine-worm, bad leg, varicose-ulcers. piles. cold sores, Allowance \for damages to lands and crops . 80 00 structed to write Mr, Rodd that the] @3 Over the Powars drain, and Ray-
aralnage ores Sea ria chapped hands, bables' sores, etc, All stores at £0¢., of post free from Zam~-Buk Co., Toronto, for Removing and replacing fences.........5 100 00 goo oo | council is arranging a meeting with mond Rochelear. $15, commissioners
eclal annua ate shal © Im- i. . " G 4 ¥'
pote, Saviitemndicolleciedroverrativebove price ai ConkiatbeSyracclehlel thie aire Survey, plans, report, specifications, $ 47 00 Colchester South, Sandwich South and ba BB cver the Powers drain.
all other rates upon the land. in respect of tisoment and Je. stamp for postage. SN Reet sich expenses... 16 50 the town of Essex councils to arrange .
which the sald money shall be borrowed, Publishing and registe by-lav 27 50 a séttlement of the law costs, and the| The engineer's report on the May-
suMoaient for-the payment of principal and} d hea of Revision. toe 18 00 ‘ ld be made as soon as | Ville drain was uow read to all the in-
Pee etasiocavidedtby: the Ack: Clark's fees oe as a 25 00 payment wou e@ ma lorebtedstactlesencdeth thet’
day of September, 1947. Lotting and superintending..... ; 75 00 possible, Dp a © opportunity

 

Passed tho i) = 209 00

Canada Ingot Iron Co., re culvert | Sliven to thoge wl signed the petition

   
   
    
    

 

32 CHARLES CLARK, Maki nm d to withdraw thely names from {it and
ea a fe a tolal of. 6.0... Riemer Spee rte. Ie $ 2039 o0 | account, $21.—Ordered paid.
‘ yo W MADILL, This sum I assess against the lands and roads ‘that should eontribute towards| Donald Campbell presented .an ac- | to those who have not signed the peti-
cE Glork. the work a8 sos out mm the anne schedule of assessment. count-of $68 for repairing and grad-| t!on an opportunit, to do so. a

Of the cost of the hich y bridge in connection with this work I have in my
assessment charged séventy-Nye per cont. to the municipality of Malden in general
and twenty-fve per cent. on the drainage area.

1 ber further-to Apbmit to your Honorable Body that this drain be kept up ahd
Maintained In repatr at-the-expense of the lands and roads assessed for its construc-
Vion and in the relative proportions assessed in the attached schedule of assessment
until otherwise determined and reported upon.

{ng 8th con. rond, On motion, Coun-], Moved by Mr, Charette, seconded 3
clllor Sweetman was instructed to ex-]| PY Mr. Papst, tha: the reeve be auth:
amine the «work and report at next | Tlzed to sign sald petition on behalf wig
moeting. : 4 of the township.—Carried. ©

Hildare Meloche turned in his road} AS the petifion nt the close of the

 
  
   
  
   
  
 

 

 
  
   
  
    
 
   
  
  
     
      
   
   

NOTICE.

Municipality of the Woon s of Colchos— By-Law No. a ee

TAKE NOTICE that the above i3 a trie
copy of a By-law passed by the Municipal
Couneail ofthe. Township of Colchester

   
   
     

   
   
   

  
 

   
   

 

     
     

    

     
   

” 4 “| a By-Law to provide for drainage work in the Townahip of Colchester South In the I have the honor to be, gontlemen, lat, also reported having done $8.00 consideration of tho report contalned “=
South on the 10th day of September, 1017, i nm the oredit of the Municipality the eum: of Your obedient servant, id 4 ae
‘and all personsiare required 16 take notice Four’ claraivand Hineky-saven Dollars and Fifty-one Cente Tor. completing the worth of work on the west townline | 4 Sufficient majority for the council to 1 —

ALEX. BAIRD, C. E., Ete.

       
  

 

 

   
     
    

 

           

    

Thatsanyone who desires: to apply to have Fe And whereas the sald Council are of opinion that the drainage of tte area described | road. One half of .this was ordered | Proceed with the° adoption of the re- — &
ae warve. pot oor ns application. upon Heh oe Saar et ie to are dans gal council of Colchester South by . ae ore the said Municipal Council of the said Township of Mald tt chayged to, Anderdon, al ‘4 ab gag es and “4 " 4

no 0 s c : ¢ mserved on ’ e < s s h B . ship Maldon, pursuant to x seco ‘ 2
tho Head oni Clerk of Anis Municipality Frea, esguiek to nave the Aikman on tne aryad and improved under the provisions | the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as Tollows: eae Mr. Fleming, owner of part lot §;} Seconded by Mr. Droulllard, that. the

Within tworty days after theedate of the

   
  
 
 
  
  

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 

oF the Municipal Drainage / ist, The sald. report, plans, specications, assessments and estimates are hereby | con. 7, asked that a ditch be dug] Teport on the Mayville drain be adopt-

 

    

  
   
    

 
   
 

last publication of thts notices,” and must hereas, thereupon the said Council has procured an examination to’be made | adopted, and the drainage work ‘as therein indicated and set forth shall be made ana 7 ‘ont of -lils farm. ed and thé clerk be instructed to pre-
make his application to tho ign Court of by J. Me ena being a, person competent for such PUFPOSs, Of the said area pro- | constructed in accordance therewith. along ete ens dy front ob:N ‘Tremblay | Pare a by-law. to raise the funds: ne-
Justice within one month aftor the said) o.og to be drained, and the means suggested for the drainage thereof, and of other 22nd. The Reeve of the said Township of Malden may borrow on tho credit of the Ls be

   

date, This notice was\ first, published on} tangs and roads Hable to assessment under the aunt tpal Drainage Act, and has also| Corporation of the said Township of Malden the sum of Two Thousand and Thirty- | was instructed to meet Mr, Fleming Sresary for, completing: thers wate -
the 21st day of, September, 1017, and the procured plans, specifications and estimates of the drainaxé work to be made by the} nine Dollars, boing the funds necessary for the work not otherwise provided for] concerning this trouble, and report at Carried. >
. Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by ‘

    
 
       
       
       
   
   
     
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
       
   
     
   
 
 
 
  

Fast publication will be on the bth’ day of said J. J owman and Oh assessment to be made by him of the lands and roads .to bo | and may issue Debentures of the Corporation to that amount in sums of not less than tl
October, 1917. benenitted by suc work; and of other Jands and roads liable for contribution | Fifty Dollars each? and payable within seven years from the datecof tho sald Debontures,| Xt meeting. f
ae J. H. MADILL, Fone stat ag i nears he cun the proportion of benent, outlet Mability and injur- | with interest at the rate of six per centum per annum, thatels to say in seven equal an-| The matter of buying a halt acro of ur eee Hat fe Meraua drain by:
é . Clork. ine, liability whieh, in bis opinion, will he derived or incurred in consequence of such ; nual instalments of principal and interest, such Debentures to be payable at the Treas-| gravel from Hilligrd Niece was con-|!aw be read a third time.—Carried.
drainage work by ‘every road and lot, or portion of Jot, the sald assessment so made | urer’s oMce and to have attached to them Coupons for the payment of interest. — ( aidarda: Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by

 

 

being the assessment hereinafter by this by-law enacted’ to be assossed and lev! upon ard. For paying the sum of $1,216.00, the amount charged against the sald lands

‘ P Mr. Rocheleau, that the first reading. f
f is, hereinafter in that bebalf specially set for’ and roads for benens, and the stun of $699.00, the amdunt charged against the said iands On motion of Messrs. Purvis and , :
, AR pty w ad apes eta yman 18 respect thereof, and of the} and roads for? outlast ability, apart trom. lands ‘and rods belonging to or con. Roadhouse, the matter was inid over |/Of sald by-law be adopted, and tite bye ss
4 drainage work ‘being 03 -follows:— trolled by the Municipality, and for covering Interest thereon for 7 yon at the rate | until September 22nd, the-council to Inw be ‘provisfonally adopted and ‘or-- ~

 
  
   
   
   
 
  

     
    

   

  

Windsor, Ont., August 21st, 1917. of. 6 per cent. per annum, the following total special rates, over and abovo all other r BOC)
To the Reeve afid’ \nufietpal’ CouneI of the Township of Colchester South:— rates, shall be assessed, levied and collected (in the same manner and atthe samo} meet at the pit forsexamination of oe Bana ie tapi, ya BEY.
Gentiemen,—In compliance swith instructions received from your Honorable Body, | time ‘as other taxes are lovied and collected) upon and from the undermentioned lots | same atthe close of the present meet- | Weeks an atone copy be served  +-
i Ihave made an ¢Xamination, survey, otc., of the Aikman Drain in your Township, and nh a comers ae the es ae Ane spnelal rates Hy interast ing. on each of the’parties. assessed in 2 ,
pares . + (Hee nen Lids . St each Jo! jot respectively shall be divided into seven oqual parts, and “ y
nee teeter oN where the aild Aikman Drain finds (ts outlet in the Stiep- |/one such port shall be. assessed Teviad and collected ‘a foresaid, in each your, for| A by-law was fend the required sald drain in accordance With he Drd=e sam

; x * 1 its ov Y ho such Dp olla : isfons of section”25 of the Municipal

is ley Drain On the Sotuh side of the 2nd Concession Road. Thence I followed the | seven years after the final passing of this by-law, during which the sald Debentures | number of times, appointing jAv W.) ¥ i J he
2 Cheaper Than Shingles course of the said drain up Stream to its head on the west side of the road between | havo to run, a. Milde kox tollectorrde = testurrent Drainage Act, and tho first sittings of -.
Jots 8 and 9 in-the Gore. eS

         
  
   
    
        
 

 

   
   
       
    
 
   

  

 
   

  

 

 
        
   
  
   
   

     
        
 
   
      
 
   
      

  

     

     

 

    
  
 
    
    
      
     
      
 
 
     
  

 

      
 

  
 

     

   
 
   
 
   
 
 

 

    
   
  
   
   
     
   
 
   
    

  
  

    

: Ctl = the court of revision be held at the
d that this (rain was last improved under,a report made by N. E. Brian, C. % ae ste oa %s |year at a salary of $150.
E,, dated October PMT Le Since tnat time it has become quite pany Niled. up A ‘ 9 25 B38 3 cu T. H, Adame turfied in o report’on town hall on Saturday, October 27th,
rege with sediment, drift, efc,, ana in its present condition 18 not deep enough to afford = Lot or Part of ee ss £5 ees  & e252 bee drainage work on tho O, J. Graw at 2 p.m.—Carried. s
‘ proper drainage 10 thy lands and roads affected. Particularly 18 this true from the 4 Lot , NameofOwhers Sa Sua ae ert a she kvm; 87 rods of 4In., 63 'roda of 64h Moyed by Mr. Charette, séconded by
Z 1 culvert where the Sal drain crosses the Gore road to the uppér end. | From the Gore } & 6 50 525 a3 San as 2ea8 . ne {| Mr. Drouillard, that By-law No, 686
s GET FIGURES ‘ road fo the outlet the drain is in falr condition, although the capacity has been reduced A 8 2s ase 35 os = ae. £32]—The matter was Inid over till néxt ‘ . y-ly ‘, ‘
by filing-in, but 48 | can get ample fall for the upper portion, and 4s thore 1s no re- | S < 23 565. &% £83 82° 283, | meeting. for the construction of a silex walk in
quest 10 nave the lower portion repaired, | have not provided in my estimates for any | ~ ee SO eS Se Warrants to cover. demandg were | Fraserville be read a first time.—Car-
" K How ne ore iy y ‘¢ ‘ > * 4 rs
{ Work pevruer to overcome. the dimculty above mentioned, and snus afford imprévea | 8 W pl Sino... 28 William Solara... $15 69 ssi640- $110 $187 $77 $1119 iaguad, and council, adjourned, ried. e
“drainage to the lands and romds affected, I would recommend that this drain be cleaned | 2 2) Wy” = 8) MaupcoEbalniece 00 625 112s 29 UU 12:02 Saturday, September 22nd, Council went into committee of the
A M BROWN, Agen out, deepened and ttproved in accordance with the accompanying profile and specif- | 3 er + §& Orval Atkihe« 5.00 5B NS 9m 97 1M] Council met In special session at 1] Whole for the second ending, Mr.
i . ° satlons, Sig N 5 : Rfid ns $ 2 05 5 = 4 |
: ae - —; | caver aiso And that bach of the following owners ts entitled 10 and should receive tho | 3 878 5 7 Fe ereia be | RW gaa et | p.m. for the, purpose of holding court prenlay in pean By-law read a
st D ROUTE following amounts 3 compensation for damages to lands and crops (if any) and for)? Wyte gi. Louls Coll. .......0.. 3.00 3 sn 5. 148 73 1t}of revision on the Gaya drain., .On)-5¢cond time. unc! resumed for
PELEE ISLAN | eniateing & farm bridye;— ‘ banats prides, |B NH NS Noah Deslippo x. 200 13678 EY 10 7) motion, the.reeve was appointed “chair. Sei ip Pe j
thy F 5 * - 9 a é x Wea
: Ta Charles Es Quiek, owner of N W Pt. lot 8 in Gore..,... 8 30.00 § 15 00 ; Bieter : be % abe ca es a ae He te B 77) man. 7 t E athe Chins s proc eens tes aa
Frod. G. Quick, OWwnor of SE Pt, lot 8 In Gore......... 1oroo 7 N pss 1.G. Parks... 9500 81% 17095 4509 13h #2{ Tho clerk Teported appeals from] Mr. Charette, that by-law be Rent
‘ I ha’ provilied: For thes Ti ee ee provided for under Sub-Sections | > o Pig. R.E. Gountia .. 7500 6250 1276 «8259 jno'og) 871. Grondin, Robert Sinnsac and H.| 4 third time. Carried, and —byjaw
5a jon At} ta unit. rain - 7 ne 5] a » 455 5 i; oy ~ 9 \« . : re
8 me oid ate oF ihe, Bee of tho whole of the above work together: with all incl- Rye + Bh ILS 3 a ay et 25 aet = - Quick, all speaking’against the whole ree S find time and passed, F :# :
Laental expenses 18 the sui of $602.00, from which)l haye deducted tho sum of $104.40, |) 2 i 75 w John Watera : 276. 2376 O07) 20 89 28 | scheme, Movi y Mr Papst, seconded by
—the amount now standing: to the credit of thé drain, and the remainder, namely—| > vig Edi Burns. 000 861380) 8360 18970” 67 20 00 After. carefully considering the-as-| Mr- Charette, that By-law No, 686,:for
$407,61, I have assessed agminst the Jands and roads as {8 more fully set forth in the |; 9 ye ia Thomaa Martin .. 7500 1000 8300 2175. 10876 25 1) F the levy and collection’ of rates and
schedule off assessment erwto attached. = NE‘ 50... 20° Albert Pilon, .-..- 50 MiM! MW 2363" 116 18 | Sessmenta,, a motion by Councillors | | be read a‘ fi ime.—C: d.
~~“, would further recgmmend that after this drainage work {5 complested, tt be Kept is BEM Thaw 25 Mr H. Caddrette 7000 1875 88 75- “2200 At m|Purvis and Tremblay was passed, | ‘xe8 be read a’ first time.—Carried.
up, and maintained In agcordiance. with the by-law adopting Mr. Brian's report, above | 74% yas 25 Jnmos Pillio 70 477 75 NOS | adopting the @saessmont, and_court| Council went Into commitee of the
referred to. TWMEMD 10 F, Grondin ,. 6.20 62 157 1 11 % whole for the second reading, Mr.+

       
  
 
  
    
 
  

      
  
 
  
   
     
 
 
  
   
 

        

adjourned.
Le matter of purchasing a gravel |Rocheleau in the, chair. By-law read

pit wasbrought up, the council having | * second time. Council resumed for”

lH B ‘art ; third reading. ie V1
Pet Se cane , Mee Hanae? Ss Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by

r ir. Rocheleau, that by-law be read a
penred, and an agreement was’ arrived M
at whereby the council purchased one | third time.—Carried, and by-nw read,

acre for the sum of $500, A commit-| third time and passed: .
tee was appointed to mensure the| Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by

st, d| Mr. Charette, that By-law No. 687, to
ground, and prepare a contract, an juspdse: a specthl drainage ratesapon

the s % of lot 3 in the 6th concession
be read a first time,—Carried. .
Counci) went into committeo,of -tho
whole for the second reading, Mr
Papst in the chair, By-law read a’

All-of which fs respectfully submitted. ee ee

. , $700 00. 5 22 O81. 8902 OF SLL
<6 00 13162 60052 OLS

 

 

J. J. NEWMAN, C. E,
And whereas the sal equngil are of opinion that the drainage of the arda described

8 le, J 3 aah sree a i
Is a tho sald Muwiefpal Council of the sald Township of Colchestem South, Mupicipallty of Malden for sharo 25 S7 6259 289! 52 40 536.

” ‘ i Brldeen srccce

ER : e provisions of tho Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as follows: of Highway ‘ 3
Ula 9Y ve eee rerart, pinins, spocifieations, Narcan ty and estimates are horeby. Roads and Lands of Municipalit; _ 408° _ 108 mc SB 62 8 29.30
f 66)P |B [| ) adopted, and the drainage Weirk as herein indicated and set forth shall be mado and}. Woldlicns matte: ae 7D gate wile "a GLA a SELES

Total for Bonoflt +++... 50+ sesrsmenee
Total for Outlot...

 

     
   
    
        
  
     
   
     
     

     
 

   
  

     
 
  
  

   

pone ete Crh Sune ela, Township of Colchester South may borrow on the r *
bb
3 crealt of the “Corporation of the said Township of Colchester South the sum of Four} ~ 4th. For paying the sum of $498.00, the amount assessed Against the said roads
R TIME TABLE, 1917] fiittrea and Ninoty-sovem Dallars-and fifty-one cents, being tho funds necessary for | and lands of the Municipality, and for covering interest thereon fon seven years at the
SUMME! STANDARD TIME. k not otherwise Provided for, and may issue Debentures of the Corporation to | rate of} six per centum par annum, 4 special rate on the dollar, suMcient to produce
EASTERN 4 re

tho wor c

h, and ablo within 6 years | tho i early amount therefor shall, oyer and above all other rates, bo lovied z
¥, TUESDAY and SATURDAY | | i0at soit care tale hebentures, with interest ot the rate. of 1 uinsd (in the sume ihennariand at thovsamo time as Gthor taxes are fovied and| TopoTt St, next meeting
’ Leaves West Dock. . verve ee T00 AM. annum, that Is to say in fv® equal annual payments, such Debentures to be pay

from the date of the salu) Debentures, with interest at the rate of per centum ane and
Scudder at the Imperial Bank, Harrow, and to have attac! od to them Coupons for the payment of | den in each year for seven years, after the final passing of this by-law, during which

 

    

  
  
  
  

         
       
    
     
  

 

   
  
  
 

     

 

   
 

 

collected) upon and from the whole rateable property in the said Township! of Mal- Council) adjourned.
the sald Debentures have to run.

1

as fi i a ‘e =

Arrives Leamington - “19.45 SM, | interest, f 00, th it charged against the Jarids 6th. This: By-Law) shall be published once in every’ week for four consecutive

enero 1 ; | and reas “Yor Deen and the. sum’ of $200,00, Mo amount charged sgainst sald Iands | weeks in The Amherstburg Echo nowspeperspuntisiied in the Town of Amborstburg, and NOTICE OF CONSTRUCTIO
eu

   
        
     
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 

  

       
 

  

      
    
  
  
  

 
  
 
 

    

  
 
   
 
 
 
 

  
   
     
 

  
   
 
 

    
   

   

  
  
  
   
    
   
  

  
  
     
  
  

     
 
 

   
  
    
 
  
    
 

 

 
   
  

  
   
 

    
  
   
   
 
 
    

       

   
 
 

  

 
     
  
   
     
  
    
     
  
   

 
  

  

 

 

i Leaves Kingavillo . iM. “ id] shall come into force upon and after the fina) passing thereof, and maybe cited as tho :
: : Lamington 221600 Past | and, roads Tor autos Hany as m of §. Ter ee ee eee aaa ae a ihn Concession Nosd Drei By-Law.” ; fz second time. Council resumed’ for
3 Arrives Scud ee ee 45 PM. | oiied by the municipality, and for ‘covering interest thereon for 6 yeara at the rate |. NOTICE. third reading. ie
4 ere sDAY—WiNDEOR bf 6 percent. per annum, the following total speeial rates; over and above all other)” Notice is hereby given that’a Court of Revision will be held at the Town Hall, 0 PAVEMENT Moved by Mr. Charetto, seconded by
Weel Dock. "| rates, shall bo assessed, Joyied and collected (in tho samo manner and at the same | ip. the Township of Malden, on Saturday, the 20th day of October; A. D. b q Mr. Rocheleau, that by-law be read
4 Leaves wert ! lovied and collected) upon and from tho «undermentioned lots | 1o}7, at 2.00 o'clock in the afternoon, fo hear and\consider any complaints which may- . : “ WA th =i a bydaws
BOE et DITE oak { Di rosds, and the amount of the said total special rates and interest | ne made under the foregoing By-law; oF ther complaint in respect of any matter UNDER THE third time.—Carried, and by-law: |
Arcives Ainsor. (Hurloy’s Dock) 4 . Cart of lot respectively. shall be divided into five oqual parts, and | he quate belay over whl fa Council has jurisdiction. J AR read a third time and passed...»
7 Windsor Ta AY be assessed, lovied and collected as TORE ERI: fn oach eats for Further notico is hereby given that-anyone intending to appeal Soars we by-law, [> nays ree Tae Moved by Mr. Drouillard, second
(Hurley’s Dock) 7 - of Unis by-law, during which the said Debentures |.or any part thereof, qu must, not ister than ten days after the Bhat passing - by Me Rechel Fnat te Serkte
7 LORvOS WTI G Ne a ceed dee 8° ? ‘ thoreof, serve 6 notico in writing upon the Clerk and Roove of the Munlelpality of his). m rovement ct y Bir... eleau,: @ Clerk BS
veg ee jocks (Pelee)... 11,90:A.N. = = ingentiGn, ty tm application. for that purpose to the Roferes during tho six weeks p UY. instructed to advertise for tenders for ~~
Arrives West Mook for Scudder afd Main be | next efter tho Nnal passing of sald by-lew,. | HOWARD. GIBB, == ae the oxcavation of the Mayville drain:
19,00 (noon). es . a Teo > Bae : ; “a : Clerk of the sala Muntc(pality. rn pe .- * |and for the construction of a allex:
; FRIDAY Ee He Winks et: ne 4 _ = = = Sie walle in Fraeeryille—Carried, 3”
3 Hekyos Komen oo: aa S$. SOP Rg Ese ee i ~ Moved by Mr. Resheleau, kecondad
tt ae eat be a: Be 88 5 TAKE NOTCE THAT— by Mr. Droulllard, that abort Bousie
west TEL 11,60 AM, 3 cee! = ' e382 : ie he appointed tax collector at # sal
Arrives Sanguory  poieg and Main Sbore forme 4 Shao 8 Ota tio 8 mE , ~ Fi ite tout or ivaerstbure intebas te cone [ot $90 with thé tsual f
Loaves Sandusky. + Lypps..- SE ‘ Jee * '
4.00 P.M. ubject to change with Ronee Ents N Woes.. 112 Be ine san eS ut BN Ss : ; | Struct as a local improvement reinforced: oxtras.—Carried. .
This time table + Russo Quick... NBDE Rog 1000 too tooo 188 | ah send a message of such | Street between tho ‘south side of ore | . Moved. by Mr. Papat
UE NOES ompal reserves the right to Kees Sh eo. 40 95.00 85.00 | gobo 10,85 i ‘37| | _- tender'sentimentthat it can only be expressed in Flowers. Street and the south side of Simcoe Street, Mr. Charette, that wo
reftee paasaro 9 obsestonalls Pack prop AOE wee BS 48.00 Fe00 Goan 168s 106.88 at vag Ol ate Somat ney -tabing gadvecteee fithite means <1 palin ‘ine, Mp eer arg
@ diressed and : ¥ fr cptwyeo 4 * 10.00) 1.85 11.85 2:37) ot or 5 your love, Bra ude, éstee oO friendship. Tle yet Bae ne
908.20] realize thy to you! F

 
 
  
  
     

  

   

  

     
    

Gore ROM) wae anne ree 5 de [ ‘ | : ,
Fond Derween Lots Sand 0. g Peek 9 Sasa 1 guars he , Fee * ; : TRUNE
So ea Gita VGN PH “RAE ARNE execute worthy of ie puro | fe “

 

Total on lands. . —— —_—
; B13-64 9497.64

eX Sar

 

#0006 Fe0.8s Heat | E
AL ys, yy

   
Pretty models of Corduroy, Velvet,
Blush and Felt.

Prices, 50c and 75¢.

We might tell you columns about the new things for Fall,
but how much more simple it will be for you to come down to the
comfort of the store and see for yourselves all the exquisite new
fabrics, the beautiful and becoming garments, and the hundreds
and hundreds of new things that you aré sure to admire. It is
quite sure that you will be impressed with the magnificence of
dcsigns and colors. Purchases in every department are the re-

sults of early contracts placed before the recent price advances,

2

thus we are prepared to offer merchandise at values that cannot

:
t

be repeated on any later date.

:
PHONE 14

 

   

   
  
    
   
     
    
        
      
  
   
  
     
    
  
    
       
       
       
     
        
             
       
             
     
 
   

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

 

 

 

  

   
 
 
     

 

   

 

 
   

 

 

  
    
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
    
   

George street,

day, October Sth, school Entrance ¢lass for Septembe.,

1917. Dinner served

Known both
ation.

3

ing O
“Shing Fashions are Shera for Early Fall.

Fall Underwear, Hosiery and Glove Sptieiliee
For Women, Misses and Children.

Stocks are fast filling to overflowing with myriads of suggestions in
warmer underwear, comprising Combination Suita, Vesta and Drawers;
Gloves in every wanted make and shape, and a most complete showing of
Hosiery. The prices asked now cannot be duplicated at any future date, and
while our stock is at its best, i¢ would be wisdom to make your selections
now. This is a great display, such quantities of new styles.

ay

UNDERWEAR—A host of styles in Combination Vest and Drawers for
women, misses and children in such popular makes as.Watson's, Turnbull's
and Penman‘s, All Wool and Part Wool garments are shown with long, short
or without sleeves; high or low necks, ankle and knee lengths.

HOSIERY—Here {is shown a full range of Ladies’, Children’s and Boys’;
Cashmere Hosiery, Penman’s in white and black with extra spliced heels
and toes and wide garter top; the celebrated “Little Nell Hosiery in white
and black for infants and children. Popular prices prevail.

     

 

Serges, Poplins, Veloura, Plaids and Stripes.

ings.

 

Grey, Green, Fawn and Black. Prices range from $1.50 to $3.00.

try one on and we are_positive you will go-home with a new hat,
‘the proper thing,

Never hos our Rib
offered’ such pirate
for fall,”
lines, 3 to 6 Fachow wide.
Flowered Messalines, Dresden Rib-
bons, suitable for hand bags.

 

Dress Goods and Coatings

SILKS—Including Satin Duchosse in combination stripes and plaids, Tat-
fetas, Poplins, Peu de Sole, Hangelines and Crepe de Chines.

ORESS Goops—showing Broadclo hs, Gabardines, French and Englieh

COATINGS—In Plaida, Crecks_ and Plain Veloura—al) the newest color-

ra

JUST IN

MEN'S FALL HATS—Large brim, the newest styles in Blue,

 

 

 

Groy, Steel
Como in and

as they are

 

 

PHONE: 14

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
      

 

 

  
  
 
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

  

  
     
 

 

 

    

 

 

   

 
  
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
   
 

 

 

  
 

   

 

 

 

    
       

 

       

   
  
   

   

|} transferred to Mr. Smith in the deal.
Wind-

from reason and Tevel- aged 74

  
  

Finding that the Sandwich,

fst, 104

 
  

Momiday, October Ist,

 

 
    
   
          

 

      
       
    
  
 
 

   
  
 
     
   

    
     
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

    
 
   
      
 
    
      
 

3 —Service will be held in the A. —Miss Aivena. Bortraites spent the E : ~ ; * Sars oe j
per Far the Two “Meatless: Days Each Week We ‘Have B. church next Sunday at 11 am. The | week-end at her parents’, Mr, and Mrs | DON'T BUY TA N L A Cc REAEPRALRRELARAPRROISR PIMPS a
i D FISH—Salmon, large tins, 30c per tin; small tins, 20¢ per} pastor will> Bava: cherre. Board meet- | Alex. Bertrand’s, jr. : in Detroit. It is right here in your » R * : a: |
Fe | JAE GANBE 3c, 2 for 25e and 25c per tin. Golden Haddie, in tins | jing Tuesday night a —Mr, and Mrs..Ralph Shultz, of De- | nome town. Same price—One Dollar. , : ;
bay La Serene Ae ne se aenitiae! | i Mite, Heer Gillman. ant antes aol auto ayn and spent the aon : 4 Do‘Not Let Jack F t 4
of y at 2be per 2 : ren returned to their ho = -j}at Mrs. Schultz’s parents, Mr, an y X
= ‘ ' we always URLs iether a ete! cs of strictly fresh eggs, | )70) after a ale weeks visit arith her ote fete tone : THOMAS’ DRUG STORE ros
i wh are also a - ries 7 =; parents r. anc rs. u |} —As the outlook for hard coal is;
; k IN GREEN VEGETABLES—We always have on hand pty supply se ~-Na farther word bas been, redely | not right: deeab conanmers’anc mide AMHERSTBURC : : i
ots; Onions, Beets, Tomatoes Cucumbers and green rn. % 2 a C ou 1
Cabbages, Carrots, , ve Berries, Oranges, Bananas or whatever | €@ by Mr.| and Mrs. John Hamilton | their bing with soft coal from the; | S
IN FRESH FRUIT Awe have Berries, 7 -3 cos ee, Harvey, (Chub) | Mallen Coal Co.'s) big pile on the} "
fruit is seasonable who was reported wounded and gassed | dock. | 18 78 .
OUR AIM IS TO PLEASE OUR CUSTOMERS AND GIVE SERVICE. 6 te eae ne is Ago, Pe EE 1 nota ae F th ' ae :
LOVEG ROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont.| —Mayor Park received severe injur-| sentative: of the Bible Soglety, will] AGENCY a or enex ays we will | a
J. H = - jes while enjoying a practice game | give an illustrated lecture in Amherst- 4
ROCER SPECIES T: of Daseballon the park, Tuesday after-|burg on Wednesday evening, October 99
i wae —— «| ndon, and may be laid up for sqme/17th, on “England Under War Condi- 7 A N L A sell WALL PAPER far below c F
, aND COUNTY. | —Mrs. Frank Laframboise is visit} time. He slipped at third base, tear- | tions,” oa he
TOWN ad = jing Mrs. Alphonse Cote, In Wsiinnd. }ing* the ligaments, of his right knee, | ;—Rev. M. Gordon Melvin, Walker- $$ cost in order to clear out ou Ff
ine aoerapes: uiso peach- | —Albem{ “Ouellette, of; breymann} and suffered excruciating pain. It was) yill, and Réy, Henry Divkle, D. D., of BIRTH r 4 9
—Choice Pelee ae p i Bros., Toledo, spent the weck-end with} necessary to remove him to his home |Chath#m, preach ct the 4th annivers-} armstrong—In Wineham, Thursday, Sep- ld k :
eal apd potatoes, at BE sho has been | his famil¥ in town. in an automabife, lary of the induction of Rey. F. O. tember 13th, 117, the wife of Nev. Oo stoc for the new. @.
—J, A. Westaway. ar = 5B, | -Town Clerk A. J. Burns {5 taking —John T. McLean, of Windsor, for- | Nichol at St. Andrews church’on Sun- Eu B. ATINS ODE eS ons Sapteiniier
very ill. remains about’ ure gone De- | 4 trip on the steamer BE. A. Stewart| merly of Amherstburg, is suing the|day, October’ 14th. Coli Wigle lec- Brown Be ae ville, Se Beer ee O 1
Soe ee ee eaten Sunday | With Capt. James« McCarthy Detroit, Belle Isle and Windsor Ferry | tures on Octobér 15th, with lantern Brown, of a-daiiehter, <9” | n y 30 DAYS tOnOET. for
troit customsrand wife spent suleay -Mrs. Wm. Lukes and ehildren, of] Co. for $500. While sliding down one! s)jdes, on -“Essex Boys in the, Great | Homdy in aoe aoe = ciareucd
in town. — 1 vote on e scheme-to | Detroit, spent a few days with her) of the schites«which are, maintained | War,” RE ees Le he sie this Big Sale.
—Detroit will vo ig 1s ie No- | aunt, Mrs. (Capt.) John Bernard. at Bois Blane’ for the edification of the |» —Mr. and Mrs. Bert Courtney and’) Chauvin—In Tecumseh, Thursday, Septem-
build a bridge to Belle Isle, on -A large number of subscriptions] patrons, he fractured Wis right leg. ~ {son returned Tuesday from a ten days’ ber 20th. £047, the wife of Mr. Joseph ;
res and brideof Walk: |]to The Echo are now due. Subserib-| —Max Renaud has proved+to hls/ visit at his home dn Dresden, They!) yanjae—cin Rochester, sunday, September ; s . '
—Georgé Brown and ae aeith their | ers Will. confer a favor by remitting] own and u atisfaction.of everyone | went by ‘motorboat, touching Walpole 23rd, 1947, he wife of Mr, Theo, Barlow & Sm th
Soule, Dae hy ate Se promptly: who knows about it, that Amherstburg |Jsland and way ports. See als -a daughter. “sult: Dat 4 kf
parents, In town. ee” services |» —Capt. C. R. Hackett is manufac-} js really in the, “Banana Belt.” His |-—m Wesley church ext Sunday] 5.) Pea ts mine 4 rie 2
saute Than eee es pads Cod turing some heavy concrete anchort él caapbOrey bushes have produced” a} specialty national Thanksgiving ser TEES Bose one Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper. j
will be held in Christ church on > at the supply depot, for anchoring ga8}gecond “¢rop which they haye been | vices willbe observed. Sermon sub-| daught ; Bes AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.
day, October 21st. Sark sturned | buoys on Lake: Erie. enjoying for three weeks and are }ject at 10.30 a.m., “How to Make Can-j ! mVUseotat aa poe oe renin os = eg ;
se LS Sev ieee Mil- —Mr: and Mrs. Malcoim Balley and] still loaded with blooms. adn a Great Nation”; ‘at 7 p-m., “The Jos. Lavin, ofa son. Ay RAEBBRRARAPRASLUYRAAM fh»
from a month’s visit in Chicago, Mi child, of Walkerville, are enjoying a —Recent guests at the Catholic Rec-) Incrensing Kingdom of'God.” — The an-| Lefensini Maldstone,, Tuesday, September | | s ‘ ‘eo .
waukee and Atlantic City © was on | Week's holidays with Wiis parents, Mr.j,tory were Rey. J. B. Collins, formerly | niversary of Wesley church will: be} ¢ , fhe wife of Mr- Alfred 7
—County Clerk W-. P. sve ith ad and Mrs .Ed. Bailey, Andérdon. % stationed at Amherstburg for 2 short | observed Octobe: 2ist and 22nd, Spec- | Sandwich Sauth, Thursday, fe ia :
pee ere SEES canis wine Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Gignac, ‘of}time, now assistant pastor of St.|inl) Sunday services and a high class | ett, the wife of Str pte Se i ee i es a
Sie at Can awic};, | sandwich, are moving into the Bas-| Basil's church, ‘Toronto; Rey. P. J.| concert by, Detroit artists Monday Bunce by, Of a son. i
pepe Ee ete an ae tien house, Apsley street Mr, Gig-} Shaun of St,. Ann’s .churdh? De- evening 2 : ine hil ict ees Sep- £ THE STORE OF VALUES "
street. installed a besuce a te t the] ac Is employed at the Brunner, Mond! trojt; Rev. Thomas Hoydon, of Holy | -The reeves and, clerks of the| tember’ 4th, £047, the wile of Mr. | of
& Co. player-piano, purchased at t -Drifford Bertrand, the} Rosary chureh, Detroit, and Rev. Mer | munic ipilites interested in fighting thé’ jeu, rae Sunciveks Saghiemtier + ;
Fair. F. -Jamieson-has~ jmr- | Steamer City of, Dresden, vos ie 2] Kelly, of Assumption College, .Sand-|Ganard drainage schem@ which was urd, $917, the Wire or Mr. Silas Reeb, +
ee ae “alll ance she is now | £eW days this week, while ats mer] wich jcarried to the Privy Council’ in Eng: | of # son. ; : ‘ od :
chased the ‘brick residence ae Capt.| Was, waiting for a coaT cargc!a: Of-| =The Mullen Coal Co. has.entered |land, have been éalled to meet at Bs-| ReMaultle=In Anderdoin, wednesday, Saptem- Cc OFF oes:
occupying, on efi iN WL ee wego, N.Y. into a contract with the Great Lakes | sex on Saturday for the purpose ofet| Renaud, ‘or a Cali Chaede BEN 7
pais een il) meet at the —Sam. Adamson, Supt. cf the fick] Dredge & Dock Co., of Cleveland, to}fecting o séttlement of the costs in| Vollans—in ” Thursday, October
= some Sis rk Th i dday[Aiclieries at Kingsville, came up ‘for}have the latter build for them one of| connection with-the case. ‘It: will be AtDra.o { of Mr. Lester Vol; i
home of Mrs We ih mai ae al fone of Capt. Ey J; Trotter's steam] the finest fueling docks on the chain|remembered that the scheme was = = :
mext, October ith, ct 2.30 -pymu: pumps, to be used In connection with] of lakes, at Sandwich. The work will | inftiated by Anderdon township, and
cordially invited. eee the hatcheries there be started at once and finished up| involved a sum of nearly $100,000, It “MARRIAGES. : ;
—The Red < TOES, ae Lhe Tne —Albert Hedtke, of Buffaio. N. Y.,,early in ‘the winter. The present con-|was successfully opposed dy Colches- | Collins—Perty—At the [Baptist parsonage, Nir S £
church shipped a ale ae as is visiting his sister, Mrs. Ed Munn,| tract, which is for the first_section,|ter North, Coléhester South, Gosfield perexs gvedneerg be ane maa
Feet ete eso. [and his taken a position witir they provides for a dock 890 feet long and|North, Essex and Sandwich Soutit. A Ghilines on Sanderieneeetuine cote “4 if
absorbent, cotton—va ee r of.the | Brunner, Mond, until he is called upom}35 feet wide. Gg os MASS ma May Perry, of Maidstone. : Pe = ;
—Tapt. St aa z ind | tO Bo with Nis regiment in-his home|’ —Friends hereabouts of the Hillfer os - ere . seen Wye Monod +a ‘.
Dia ine, dates Fate, SE ata: ee || family were pained -to foaratl of the | “WINDSOR. > ber 22Hld, A812.’ bs : Hick Made of Box Calf leathers, solid leather soles and 4 a
. EAS fens " —The Trotter Wreckings Co. placcd| mishap Friday to Walter Hillier, em- ilen, soneor Mr. Thy auvréan, ; : :
ty Mrs. (Capt) David Girardin, this} | bie Steam . pump om the gleamer rae te Co ean ilo, AUD Te. Maes Ghatidtie acinomae! voars Qf eet South, to Mae: daughter of heels, toe caps double. Splendid wearing shoe for school. 2
es is Phillips the junk dealer, | Rufus, P. Ranney, Friday, after she} ville. There was~a chemical éxplos- | pe ee of oats ean Sarin coal ete See tanbe vee : : } z
rien Dt ae Ty | was réleased from the Livingstone} jon, and he was badly burned about} busines& man, died Saturday morning parents diay, September 29th, -
has purchases a big Sthch towline} i annel to keep her. free of water|the face, cltest-dnd head. He was|at lier home, 27 Oak ‘avenue. Death Leia eies rani, eldest, san of Mr. Girls’, -8=lOVGo oe ee a $12 25—$2.00_
from Capt. F. J. Trotter, and is offer- wile gotmg*to her destinetior taken to Harper hospital, Detroit, for| waa 4lffe to pneumonia. Burial wag of Mr. Loe "ennery all. of Gosiela =
ing it for gale to the farmers for tying —Miss Gussfe North, daughter of] treatment and physiofans attending |'made Monday morning in Mt. Ellfott} South. 4 Mi 11 3 $1 252 2.50
foddér at 10c and 12c a pound. Come E. R. North, town clerk, #Sandwich,| him flow have hopes of saving his |cemetery, Detroit } WOrecesoe fa Winds Saturday Sepe ; SS@S, ee ae icin w pine 2 « craze he we Wee Oe :
quick. H spent a few days,very pleasantly the) eyes. Mr. Hillier is a son of William) Although past 72 years old, Mrs, Cottant siss"Kinassloora: ot. ofe r ;
—Qm.Sergt. Morgan. “of 1st Hus | past week: with), Mr: and Mrs. Ed_) Hillter, of Windsor. He-is married to |Jané Hart, of 103 Walker road, Walk-} = sor : + Little Gents, 8—101¢.....,...... .81.50--§2.00 y
gars, London, has transferred as pilo Balley, Anderdon. Miss North is the] a daughter of» Thomas Sutton, Fort | érville, has, knitted 105 pairs of socks, = - F 2
to the Royal Flying 'Corps,. Toronto, young lady who carried away all the] street. in five months for Canadian soldiers |- DEATHS. ge 4 . . : 3
‘which leaves shortly to winter” In} ii7a5 in the bread making contest} —Rey..M.-J. Ryan. the pastor, will|{n France, besides keeping house for ; Dalley in KinKs\ite, ‘Thursday, September | efe Boys’), 11—18 9g? ... s,s viv ip... -9175—99.50 :
‘Avintion-Camp, Texas. He spent the }in that town recently. occupy the pulpit-in Sp. John the Bap-|a family of five | Palin or ahé it, Eee aged 98 Oo . 4 + ah I
‘week-endwwith Dr. and Airs. Park. 5 —Fourtéen new members were. en-}tist.church next Sunday evening, Dur Atouncemen: was tmiide Friday years, ‘ Boy A 1 , Oi : ss
: Henry Robidoux, tement block, sd by the Epworth League af their] ing tNe-past three Sunday evenings |that the Windsor Lodge of thee At TecliMAeh, Saturday September OYS’s 15. 5 ee ah ees yew ns .$2.00—$3.00 -
le anufacturer, Is add- rolled by the Epworth League n ae . a : ae 20th, 117. Alexander Hebert, aged 61 . . '
brick and’. tile. m reception: service held Monday even-| Father Donnelly has been preaching | Knights ‘of,Columbus had purchased years, }
ing a second Storey to his factory, eat ing in Wesley church. This fact will}on the first article of«the Apostles’ the residence Of C. A. Smith, 151 Ouel-| jennin—At Tecubisen, ne October ,
will install new machinery, aoe ait attest to’the ever-growing popularity| Creed, giving varlous proofs for the |lette-avenues Windsor. The purchase 1. 1017, Frank’ Henin, aged 52 Let us show you our splendid yalues:” 7
bes rtin (by Sec . of this young people's organization.| existence of God and showing the ut-| price-was $25,000. The property will} ! Monday, October LL _—_—_—_—S=______—
turn out large quantitiés of orders the |e ee ee are, held regularly |ter emptiness of the trguments .of|be remodelled for lodgeroom pur- ist, Miss AUoltne Hoople need
. pomilng win tee Monday’ evenings,sand. young and old| atheism; pantheism, uraterialism, ete, |poses. The old Coventry homestead | ©. 42 years ‘ 3
. =—Thankgsiving. Day ne cae are cordiallyinvited. Next Sunday evening Fr. Ryan will/at London and Goyenu streets, recent- peramar-— th ott, We. er: cratc WO; x
2 eee mae tes ee onan ent “Handing of pupils of St. Rose's preach about the attributes of God as|ly. purchased by the fraternity, was man, widow of the Yate Jonn Herdman, + O ke.

    
  
  
    
  
      
  
    
  
  
  
   

 

74%. Elizabeth Graveline 73%, Fran

 

   
    
    
  

   
  
 

   
  
   
 
  

   
  
    
    

low’ His Lordship to
cliildren nor will any of these attend
ahy service where his lordship js pres-
ent The other “incident of” signifi-
cance was a resolution transmitted t:
Hon. I. B. Lucas calling for,“that Brit-

—Contracts for the construction of
some 150 residence at Ojibway in ad-
“dition toa number of four-family

Se, fn. which brick only is to be
ed, will, it-is éxpected, be awarded

   
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
     
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
   
 

$2.

hom

   
   
    
   
     
     

Canadian coptractors by the Can
aac. Steel Corporation thi#week. | ish fair plny which is expected of a} noid
work will cost npproximately $1,-| government asking for a free, fair.) por

00, and {s apart from the building j/impartial and thorough investigation

 

       
   
    
      
    
  
   
  
 
  

Lady of the Lake church, September
Sth.” They wont the Government to
probe deep into all the circumstances
leading up to the affair including the
now celebrated interview with Vicar
General D, O'Connor.

—Among the out-of-town people on
the fair grounds we noticed: Mr, and
Mra. Arch McNee,’ of Windsor; James
Anderson, Manager S., W. & A, Ry.;)
Barron, of Detroit; Mr. and Mrs,
hn Ellis, of Detroit; Mra. John Men-
ziea, Detroit; Mra. Noah Piflon avd
daughters, of Sandwich; Mr. and Mrs.
Henry  Bernard,. Sandwich; Mrs,. Jos.
Tg. gal ae of Detroit; Mra. EB.
ce] W. Argun, Of BI
at ng and M Mra. Goon Marks, Windsor; | Oats
techs . and Mrs, Mack.

which is to be a part of the new steel
Already failrond tracks and
cover the new territory,

liminary work for the con-
etion of the docks has been under
r fo ihe past months.

iy yterian congre-
Sunday morning was _.sur-
o hear read at the close of
} a notice from the clerk
ibytery of Chatham that
Nichol had received’ a
med call from a con-
Presbytery of Hamil-
offers cn ates sal-

ent:

*

  
   

Law
ed $
ters
Chri

      

     
  
 

   
 

  

   
   

Helpers’ Club.
Red Cross work the clifldren realized

honor of- being president; and at whose

cakes and lemonade and candy, was

Johnson, Pres., Margaret Callam, vice-

Helen Langlois, Helen Whi

at the front.
ey, wishes to thank the children most
heartily for their, very acceptable gift.
—EE>E>E>EEE——E

Flour, No, 1, per bbl...
|Corn Meal,
rmingham, Mich. ; | Wlieat, pe. rbushel. .. Wissen

Knister,

   
      
    

   
  

  
 

  
   
 

 

      
  
  
        
    
   
  

    
 

 

 

 

     
      
    
   

 

    
   
  
    
     
      
    
    
    
     

In the first attempt at st rosary (crucifix and prs

Kindly return to nat pet are recelying a splendid price,

ia

Miss Leita Johnson, who hus the

 

LOST—in Ainhersthurg, on Saturday
evening, & signet ring Ped “J, AL” Re-
ard if returned to JOB, M. RENAUD, Gore

olic mission. on Pelee Island

@ the first sale of cooking, pies, Sunday, October 7th. Readers

on Saturday, Sept. 29th, has for

officers the following girls: Leita a silver chain

cross, Finder

berstburg,
with

Roll

of smatl

      

of @ long. dock and a canal on the} into all the incidents leading’ to the|preg,, Rosalie O'Rourke, Sec.; Ada | Qi be rewarded Bb: Frevurning to Eotio |
sac ‘front below Sandwich, all of|alleged riot which occurred at Our| Fox, ‘Treas.’ Members up to the prea-jpme. SE ANK, Amherst pais at 9am. Evel ¥ 18 ow

Stella Callam, Edytha — Craig, re
te, Helen
ler. The treasurer, Ada Fok, hand-
1.50 of. the proceeds to the Daugh-
of the Empire to help fill the
stmas boxes of our home boys now

The Regent,-Mrea, Bail-

TENDERS |
—FOR= .

  
   
   

TENDERS

 

SEALED TEND)
Drainage” wil!
Somme or

THE MARKETS.
. Friday, October sth

 

Bailey, Walker-|Corn

 

   
  
    

  
     
    

ad; picking up this year's crop, Growers

Father Donnelly Wil) visit the Cath-
next
of The
Echo. are requested to plone their
Catholic neighbors who may not see
this notiee. The parishioners are all)
urged to be present at the chiirch next

 

    
   
   

 

pA BER STRUNG: OnTARio.

        
  

 
      

    
  
   

afternoon and evening, 25 cents. Con-| 1917. Miag Helen McFarland obtain-|" "71, annual Fair concert of the|sor ‘& Amherstburg Street Railway] \ane—in Sandwich ‘ .
$ : ani rarare: | “ S sie te = J “outh, on Sunday,
cert at $p.m., 10 cents. Under the | ed’ the highest class rca oa Lailies’ Society of St. Andrews church|Company had violated a city ordin- September 24rd, (eqn! wera. es;
& auspices of the Ladies’ Sewlhg Circle. McFarlantti 78 rs aes ROK AL brought ott ascapacity house. in the fance by allowing one of its cars to Sa Oe niiee And Mrs, Ed,eKane, .
pt up vf i ‘ % a0 D| ub a
paar argely ‘attended: meeting, Of Tbs) Peren’ eyes a6, Charles Kelly|t©WD ball and realized a good sum|stand more than six minutes at the Ih Windsor. Saturday, September
Executive of the’Corn Growers’ Asso- | 77%, Cec ise AOS TL nd for the treasury. §Every number was |intersection of Ouellette avenue and MrsyJames \WW. Kinney, aged: 28

   
 
  
  
   
  
  
     
   
 
  

 

  
   
   
  
    
   
    
    

  
  
  
   
    
    

 

 

   
     
  
     

      

cation wag held at Essex on Satur ; unique. Miss Bots ia x| Sandwich street, Magistrate Leggatt
“ Pip 716 y ore 70% jue. Miss Botsford, Detroit, sang ndwich street, 2 agistrate Leggatt, 2 : E
day. P. Li: Fancher, corn a for ain Ny eo eT pee eR a eet two numbers in fine volce, and the re-|in Windsor police court Friday morn- suns, September | : ;
this district, was appointed Secretary: | 3 eres a a a : *, aS Lucille | citations of Miss Audrey Little and |ing, imposed a fine of $13.26,Ancluding . Lane, 4%ea 3 months and 7 e : y
It was decided that the annyol Corn mins BT va 3 ‘ox 66 eee, | Mra. WC. Wigle captivated all. The |costs. Barrister H. L. Barnes, acting OGM CAP Hotel Th age . - e. § 1 pa ass 5 | i | ‘
Bs Show would be held next February at| Casey 65 , Raymond Pinewu 65%, 3 “ f t déolnred tl bh McCabe—at Hotel Dieu, Saturday, Septem: ” > 2
7 = Katherine’ Hamliton ‘64% Norman Boys’ Orchestra of the Detroit Y. M.}for the company, decia that the ber 20th, 1057 iss Ruth’ Mecabe c ; =
~~bome: point in the district. he Ge salBordé 62%. Mark White 61% Theb C. A, under Conductor Cheske drew | city authorities had been guilty of nurse, aged 25° years. 2 ee
—The -steamer® Senecs, is the Le- Be bere pee Mace ‘Sutin ‘56e,| TaPturous applause to every selection | discrimination in bringing the com- Montreull—At Tee Dieu; Tuesday, Octo- : |
SE a Nort Wi aM the Lovett, Droulliard G4°., Edna Majj.|Téndered. The hit of the evening was |pany into court. Another company, he anawich Wai, aged’ Gb yours ey, oe re ai > 10
and the steamer North Win os Part WB%. Cloie, Terry 46%, Lillian | {© appearance of little Misses Verne | sald,’ frequently violated the ordin-| Ruston—In Rochestr, Saturday, Septomber & =
pee Laken. TaD emt npor by the (cusbhas, 20% San and Lorna Hewer, of Windsor, whose | #———————____ fe mongenm A. Ruston, aged 78 Gi sie
* United States Shipping Board for salt) —Braving a heavy wind and pene- eres ee Ree tat, mene LOST.” juthvan” Uy erecta ey - wes BE Satisfaction. *
water service. Both boats are pack-| trating cold, about 4,000 persons gath-| with their mother as accompanist, In Amherstburg, 10st week, gold s Ase) : >
age freighters. They will be cut in}ered at-Stoney Point Sundayto dis-| won applause fPOM every quarter. enerous reward on return- Sane ran on husband, LIKE NEW. © ;
two and taken to the Soast “in sec-| cyss the Ot Lady of the Lake church ; ‘ Fees ; 2 - ne : 5
tions. “A Jarge number of steamers of | hoycott which has been made effective] So eM hg see a into, witha mult Saco i PELEE ISLAND. gece ee: ay
ane Sass wal ipare thépiakes before | against Binley Fallon whereby those | ~ _several little girls in_town have’ burg Fair. Finder please. notify’ M iso f) ‘ Shop open from 7 A.M. to i PM. All_ kinds of lainey fa
ie-close of navigation. present engige themselves ‘not to al- med.-what' the n°" NASAC, Auld P leave at Eeho OMic oe your work.” Just recelved a supply of Neolin Soles—Bla ik and Tan.
confirm their forded esa ie Mea! Heidt > Cross Losv—in Amherstburg, on Sunday, an} Tobacco buyers Are on the island pply ck and Tan.

   
   

Don't keep the children out of school.
have them for the next day's school,

Working men, call after elx, and in 80 minutes
look like- new. %

* Ps
Rubber Heslas put on In ten minutes. Special’
French Heels and Rubber Heels to fit all sizes,

THIS 1S THE PLACE, —

Murray Stat, Two Doors East of Bathurst:
3 Be

Bring the: shoes ia —

 

             
      
    
  
    
  

      
       
    
   
     

 

   
        
   
   
   

F
|

   
  
     
  
  
 
    
