RA ABs

oan
ra

’

Vol. XLIII. No. 37.

Seer tanceaceese

THE MOLSONS BANK :

CAPITAL AND RESERVE 88,800,000
» ‘A General Banking Business Transacted

98 Branches in Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

Interest allowed at highest current rate

R. 8. SAMUEL, Manager,
Kingsville Branch.

* w. 8. FALLS. Manager,
Amherstburg Branch.

eocemeveaoe rari vere eereaarecdestcsatatartancebsorssvvetsiseceeasnedioiibay

Don’t Roast

When You Can Buy a Hot. Point
Electric Iron and Toaster Stove.
For a Liniited Time We are Sell-
ing Them at Reduced Prices.

ENOEX GOUNTY LIGHT & POWER 60., Limited

LEAMINUTON, ONT.

ITITTITI ete eee)

|
i
|
|
IL
|
|
I

|
i
4
:

: GOAL---Cuestyut
GOAL--Ecc

R GOAL--Stove
COAL---Sort
Delivered to any part of Town and Country.

Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front,
cies Anderdon. “,

 

EEEEEEEEE EERE EE EEE EE EEE ET

OFFICE ae

Phone crrice, 2 2 4, §. GATFIELD GOAL. CO.

i
i
+
+

~YouLtke a
_ New Rocker

Dear, Mary,— :

1 Dosyou ever.go into a house where they do not have any
rocking chairs?. 1 think they are the very soul of ahome. It’s
missing comfort not to have them. How one can rock, and rock,
and forget their cares! *

I do beliéye that the way 2 home in furnished affects-the

dispositions of the whole family. I’ve always noticed that cheer-
ful peaple had cheerfully furnished homes. I’m going to always

heerful looking,
keep'my home chee 5 Your devoted—HBLEN.

P, S_They tinye such cheerful home furnishings at

THE KEMP FURNITURE CO.

ae J... SUTTON, Manager.
"Another Shipment WHITE SEWING MACHINES just arrived.
a ‘The Best on Earth, © =
* _Neweathe Pianos are ~ Phone63.__ Amh

ee =

| mile
chi

USINESS.

; OD POSITIONS during the month of July.
in GOOD POSITIO: Bi i i en othe

THE OFFICAL

AMHERSTBURG,

___,__ WOR BALE
Advertisements in classified column one
cent @ word, Wo a j@ tess than 28c¢.
Small advertisements, 16 worde or under,
3 times for G00.
an Holstein cow. Appl

in Malden
tive Hundred pound beam
scale: ED. CRIMMINS, Phane 19. Am-
herstburg; i ae a
FOR GALE—Two large lots and » good
rm, aren house, for @800.. Apply to
, pups, ond moth-
or, Gio, PHILIP BONDY, 6th con., Ander-
Phone 168-14, __ —
Nglish setter bird pups,
k 3 old, well broken,
FRED, 5. WRIGHT, Harrow P. 0, _ 3
LE—House and lot on eat side
t Street. Apply to CAPT. J, E.

i the premises. Phone

 

Kitchen Table, tre Table,
JONN SHAW, Sandwicn Street,
bore.
OR SALE—Choap and on easy torus orto
rent, soveral houses, largoand emall, with
modern conveplances.. Kuxp. H, A. Davin,
Amherstburg, Ont.

Apply
Amhierst-

 

 

|~ FOR GALE—1 Oak Treasure coal stove,

» 1 extension table, 1
kitchen . MRS. M. WRIGHT, 6th
con., Mal orth of Mr. Langlois’

FOR SALE—Ried cedar boat, equipped
witha Gray Gearloss Row Boat Motor in
A1 condition. Will sell cheap for cash.
AL + Ont, Phone 43

6 dozen

bull calves,
registration.
Maplo Hill Da

FOR SALE—Farm of 50 F
Maiden, between the Pike townline;
also a coltsge in Fraserville, Apply.
RICHARD DARRAGH, Richmond Street, Am-
herstbure. = = ims

FOR SALE—50-acro farm under culll-
vation, in Malden Township,. Will be sold
On easy terms, or will exchange for town
property wh, MENZIES, Phone 33, Am-
bersthuri. s

FOR. SALE—40 [eet co river «river
frontage adjoining Town of Amberatbur,
8-roomed house, A bargain to clase: an
estate, Apply MISS BURNLEY; Amberst-
‘burg, Ont. eis,

FOR GALE—Farm of 46 acres, 4th con-
Anderdon; on premises are two
grenery, etc., good orchard,
‘eneed. Farm Implements,
horses ajso. For terms, otc,, #00 HENRY
KNAPP, R. NO. Armherstbure.

FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE—52 ood
building lote-close to factory site, cach:
BO'x1 50°. Will exchange for improved
Windsor property or farm in Essex coun-
ty. Address VITAL BENOIT, Petite Cote.
Phono 2843.

FOR iLe—Gerard property,
Ramsay id ‘Gore  streeta, Amborstburg:
Comprises cottage on Ramsay ‘and corner
lendid property. » For

PF. H.GERARD, on
tiburg P. 0.

cession,
houses, stable,
Nowing well,

 

corner

vacant jot 60x00,
terms, etc, Y
the premis
FOR SALE—50
in tho 3rd concession of Colchester South,
Detter known-as the Oliver Richardson farm,
All ggod biack.Joam and 234 miles from
Harrow, the centre of thé. canning Indus-
Jood young orchard, & minutes’ walk
hol. “Apply AUGUSTUS PLANT, Har-
4. Vhone 87-11. nes
LE—Or to rent fi erm of years.
$0 acres, belong part of lot 33 in the 3rd
Concession of Malden, Has good stone
house and outbulidings, also = FOOd
well, cistern and fences; about mile
ool). For terms apply to S. F.
AMPBELL, KH. R. No. 2, Phone

acres york:
10 acres pasture; Nowing- woll;
all tiled drained; ‘Tar, barn and: frame
house; orchard, 3 om from -Harrow;-6
milles Crom: Kingsville; mile from station,
fitore, “mail delivery: a snap if taken at
once. “MAS. G. MacPHERGON, 194 Gled-
Stone Avenue, Windsor, >

ARR SPOT SAT Site wich!

sgt Park (lato Metiride F
int oBride Furm.
dn'clover; Sicres timothy. Fair
Gnd out-bulldings in good repair.
failing wel pa ae Se rte on
to. part rm, Fenciog in fair oD.
For ta apply HERNARD MoBAlDE, op
farm adio ab to. 2. Amhorstburg
FOR 5. jeneral store business and
property at Lukervilie, comprising sta
and living . apartments; fino, brick mi
house; feo house; large stable; grain ele-
vator, equipped with 19 h.p) gasoline on-
ine in good working order; 5-ton sealer,
Centrally Jocated on County road, conncct-
ing Windsor ond Ambhersthurg.- Woll as-
Sorted stock, Immediate possession: Ap-
RY, on. premises. FRED. ROCHELEAU, Nl.
: No. 1, Windsor P. O. Telephone 147-23,

| Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY.

bo sold cheap to be moved or

ists... Apply MISS SULLIVAN,
OK SALE—All kinds of houses and jots in
town: also river front- pi u

ro) Also
forma in Malden and Anderdon of all ties and
Good totme. aony: Many Suctiv4n, Fort
Street P.O. Box33, “Amherstburg. "3
Olt SALE—Ono of the beat Macro farme in
Anderdon. Cheap. Good house, beast of
ind, néar echoo), can givo possesaion at doce.
For Hider cvs: apply to MAY GULLIVAN,
Fort Streot, Amhorstburg. Ont. P.O. Hox 3s,

prok BALE—Hriok dry goods tore Sox 10foot.

full baxdment; 12 room residence fint ;
arocery addition 24x50, refrigerator and store-
rooms ; 2 storey barn jstable, 2. box and 4
siiglo stalle, bugey house, largo loft ;2 dwell-
i aN, Amherstburs,

Fo © of tho finest farms in
Malden, "consisting of 78 acres; nt on
the Pike; well drained; well fenced; ono
of tho Nnest bouses, with sore and hard
wator in the house; good outbul |. For

jarticulars spply to MARY SULLIVAN,

‘ort Street, Amherstburg, P.O. Box 35.

FOR GALE—Ono of iho finest new mad-
ern houses in Amberathurg, on one of the

Dest streets dear river; 0 ro big lot, 73
th HOntane, 203 [t. doop; barn; some
wo.» Possession

fruit’ treea. Close. to
will be given at once, Owner or
apply to M
erstburg. Py

town, ‘OF particulars
REEL yaN, Fort Street,
, Box 35.

PE IA ed TT acetate a

JOR SALE—Oneo of the beat farma in County

i first Concession Colchester South, 106: or,

08 good fran house, 38x20 kitchen 20x
shod or summor kiteh:

and cow houleo, 22x,

0,
ha, ores blo 20x38, hen “ho
allt. bored well, ple pen, ‘ood hfe
from school. two nik!
htiroh: 20 nores fi) fl oleh Abt
summer

culers, Fort

sat arena

COLLEGE. {|

.| 4ays were beautifu'
-|addition te the playe

, beiik 6 % Lov 5},

32x08 | Jy H. Sutton

ONTABFIO,

BOWENG TOURNAMENT.
Amberstbury wok Forty Rinke

at Ther Annual ‘Tournament—
Perfect Weather’ Conditions—Es-
sex County Rinks Well Repre-

sented. ¢
——

‘The fifti annua! bowling tourfament
of the Amherstburg {Lawn Bowling
Club, hei on Monday and Tuesday,
was in every way a great success.
Rain Sanday eve » for the first
sae in a month, was;doubly welcome
o cool the air and fnettie the Jawn,
putting it in perfect fonditfon, Both
clear, and in
», & large num

hours o00

ber o/ visitors spent
the green watching
game was hotly contested.

The Old Boys’ trophy was won by
Carl Bake's rink Walkerville,
with F, H. Kenne’s ndgor rink run-
fiers. up: The winners received ench
a mahogany © silver alter, and the
locers © cut ~ glass Silver relish
dishes. 4 ;

The, Park trophy was won by Dr.
Wilson's rink front ;Wheatley, with
Jomes Gay’s Essex rink runners up.
Dr, Wilson's boys too¥ home cut glass
fern dishes, and Mr, j/Gny's cut’ glass
cake stands.

The “Amherst Howse" trophy was
wor for the third -tigje; and remains
the possession of Rogers’ rink
from Essex, who also eived sterling
silyer berry spoons, ile “Bob” Fair-
ful’s Leamington rink feceived sterling
silver, beefsteak sota-

It was midnight
last bowl! was rolled:

The resulta were ag; follows:

OLD BOYS’ TROPHY.

Pratimingry,
N. Kendall, Walkerville, won by de-
fault from W. R. Boyce, Harrow.
Amierstburg: ; Sandwich.
A. 3. Burns. /?.16  W, Haggart..,.12
Windaor. | Essex.
F_H. Keane 19 1 E. Barber. ; .13
Leamington. | Walkerville.
W. Cornwall. .18
Awherstburg. = | Wheatley.
P. A. Barron.....8 Wr Walker, ...16
Essex. } Comber.
BR. L, Hopgood...33 ¥§. S. Ainslie 23
Atoherstburg. { Wheatley.
12° Dr. Wilson... .16
/- . \ Leamingt
17 -¥._S. Moss... .19
? . Eysex.
R. P. Scratch....14 James Gay. . 16
~ Amherstburg | Kingsville.
6 Re Valentine. . .f0
First Round.”
N, Kendall: ..14
F. H.Keane.,...22 “Ni Cornwall....6
B. L. Hoprood..21 Dr Walker... .12
Dr. Wilson...’ /..13 FL S.. Moss....11
James: Gay 21 -R. Vatentine. ,10
Wm. Smith (dnt) @. Jamieson (dnt)
Essex. : mheorstburg.
C. J. Near.) .2.. - G. Brown..10
Kingsville. if +  Wheatloy.
N. ©. Wigle 16 ~ Dr. Lounsbury .10

HE Seiten. 14 . 3
‘on... . 1% Es
joe Dina. 2 aay

Kingoville. i .
N. B, Otley... .2.18 WOH. Ferriss. 1
Essex. _Amheratburg,:
J. SU Laird... 3.20 W. § Falls...<..9
Walkerville Comber.
C. Buke...... ..25 C. G. Beattie. .20
Harrow. Wheatloy.
Smith, ..1%

London.

ay when the

19 CL.
Amherstburg.

Dr. Teeter 19 R. Gregory... .16
Walkerville. Essex.

C. Martin. ......14 FP. M. Stotts...13

Second Round.

F. H. Keane.,..18 A: J. Burns... .10
B. L.-Hopgood...19 Dr .Wilson....14
J. Gay default trom G. Jamioson. » -
f 14 N, ©. Wigle....10
J. A, Dumas....16 EB, Le Park..,.'..7
J. & Laird 16 K, B. Oxley.y..9
Y 22 ©, Pigeon
14_F.°J, Martin. .10
Third. Round,
18 -Hoépgood
10 Near

Keane
{James Gay
| Dumas

Fourth Round.
Keano «....,..4.90 Gay..,..
‘Bako ..... ie via 14 Dumas ..

Final.
Walkerville. Windsor.
A. Reynolds H. M. Paulin
H. Heydon M.-P. MoMaster
T. -Pastorius D. B, Fisher +
@. Bake ....,... 16 F..H Keana.’, .14

DR. PARK TROPHY.

Firat Round.

Haggare from Boyce by dofault.
_Fairtul 24 Haggart
. A, Barron..,.18- J.-S. Ainslie... ..6
Dr. Rogers won from F. M. Falls
R. P,>Scratch...19 “C, .A, Cuddy...16
.N. Kendall -15 N, Cornwall.. 14
F. 8) Mo 13 Dr. Walker. ...12
R. Valenti ‘on from Smith by de-
fault - 4
4. G. Brown. /..19 O. Lounabury. .16
19D, Tasker. ;...3
: 20. W.-H: Forrlas. ...6
A. G, Beattie....17 B.L, Smith. ..13
F. W. Stotts 26 “RS Gregory. . 10
s ee Second: Round :
Dr. Rogers......25 Barpon ....\..12
Kendall ........16" Sorntoh 2. ....14
Moss won from Valentine t

W. S.-Falls.

FRIDAY. AUGUST 10, 1917.

PAPER OF THE COUNTY

 

AMHERST HOUSE TROPHY.
\ First Round.
B. L. Barber, by default from W. R.

19 F. M. Falls...12
16 Cornwall ......12
Dr. Walker, by default from W. Smith
Dr Lounsbury..18 D. Tasker,,,..15
W. He Ferriss...19 EB. L. Smith. ,.14
R, Gregory, un bye
Second Round.
BE. L. Barber....16 J. S. Ainslile,...6
Cuddy lost to Walker
O. Lounsbury...10 Ferriss
Gregory 18 Hagegart
P. A, Barron, by default from R. P.
Scratch,
Third Round,
11 Walker
W. H. Ferriss by default
Brown 16 Berron
W. S. Falla, default
Rogers
Sutton
Park

25

onan 13° Kendall ..
13 Stotts

Fourth Round.
Barber, default’

.-13 Sutton ...
pipe + Sok iC) Ry
-.-9 Beattie

Dumas a bye

Fifth Round.
-.18 Brown .
-. 13 Near ..

Barber .
Rogers ..
Laird
Fairful a bye
Sixth Round.
12 Barber
Fairful 4.14, Laird
Seventh Round.
Dr. Rogers a bye
10. Oxley
Finals.
Essex,
K.. Brett

Leeminston.

H. Lendon
A. Raines H. Milkins
Dr. Bowie G. Johnston
Dr. Rogers. ..., +13 R. Fairful....11

The moonlight lake and river ride
on the steamer Sappho, Monday night,
was largely petronized, and the club
will have a neat sum fo its credit from
that source. Young people were pres-
ent from, long distances, and greatly
enjoyed the dancing and social amuse-
ments,

=

AMHERSTBURG MOURNS.

The roll of Ambherstburg’s honored
dead over whose graves poppies blow
in. Rlanders’ flelds, is a growing one.
Oncé more flags are flying at half mast
here, bella have tolled, and hearts
wrung with grief becouse a native son
has fallen in dattle. Monday morning
Mr, and Mrs. Frank sMeloche, Brock
street, recelived one of those fateful
“regret to imform you” messages from
the Canadian Records Office at”Otta-
wa, telling them that their only son,
Pte. Stanley Mello¢the,; had died Sun-
day, July 29th, im«the Seventh Casu-
alty Clearing Siation, Frarice, from
gun shot wounds, an
sustained in. battle. about Lena. That
was the at There. will. bo-.a
wiary senit for ae ‘that mifet como

from comrades in arms through. the

malls. In the moantime, the: parents’
and sisters-can pridefully reflect on’
the fact that Pte, Meloche’s. death
while in the Path of duty has-a lustre

)that time can Hever offace. The young

man enlisted fn the 99th Battalion at
Amherstburg, and “crossed the sens
with Essex Gounty’s own badslion;
Inter being drafted into the machine
gun section Of the 86th, in: which
capacity he D&rticipated for ‘a year
in all the terrific ‘battles in which
Canadfans: were engaged, but seemed
to bear a chartyed Jife. At Vimy
Ridge his exploits were such that word
came he was recymmended, for brav-
ery. He was a ‘dutify) gon and scarce
a week passed but hhé wrote at length
to. his parents, his account of the
events being racy, eMertaining and al-
waye cheerful, TWo }ettars have"been
received since the tojegram announc-
ing his death. Pte. \yeloche.was born
in Amherstburg 23. years ago! and. be-
aides his parents 18 survived by two
sisters,” Mrs. ry Cadaret, Fort
street, and Leonay qt home. He was
learning the tras of plumber ahd was
employe assisting to ipsatal the heat-
ing plan| in the new Beho office when
he enlisted. He was a popular ath-
lete, playing 3rd baa in the Amhorst-
burg baSéball club. The bereaved par-|
ents and family are the recipients of
kindly s6}fcitudo and sympathy.
a re

ONLY INSPECTOR OR
ONTARIO CONSTABLE 3
CAN EXAMINE BOOKS |.

At the jose of ‘a case in Aylmer Fri- |
day nigh} inquiries wore made of Mag:
istrate Hunt as to whether a county
constwblé had the right to. examino
the books of an express company to
see what tquor {fs being’ shipped in:
Some Ayimer inwyers™ present -con-
tended that they had ‘the :right under |;
tho statutes: of 1916 but the squire
pointed out that there had been some,
amendments pring the present year
and that accsrding. to section 70a. of}
the 1917 pele pees but
the more of a provi constable,
had the right to examije the books,
and then ofiy under a written’ order: |

County ns ‘have been taking
es 2 RE

ress companies in Aylmer |.
| and therg was some. talk of iG ac: |

tion e¥ainst them, but it is unilkely-|<

‘that ¥ fe

Sue any Nace Ul: be taken
con) are ”
SX¥dmination of the books und

the conimon law and the Ontario
pperance Act = 4

at pros.

SAFETY FIRS1

‘Get Your Coal in Now
While we have the Supply.

THE FALLS-BARRON CO,

Insurance and Real; Estate

4
4

The-way to have MONEY is
to put it in our bank when you
get it, let it stay there and al-
ways ADD toit. This is the
SURE way to-become rich.

~ To have money Safe and stire, have
itin our bank,

Come in and open an account. You
will see. wheni you begin banking your

spare money, how rapidly your balance
will grow.

We will welcome you.and can advise
you how to invest it.

Imperial Bank of Canada

\

Amherstburg Branch, C. A. Cuddy, Manager.
Harrow Branch, - - P, T. Clark, Manager,

akull fracture |

: ages
"Wherever you find Ford-cars and Ford-sorvice, you find _ |
SATISFIED FORD OWNERS—men who apprecinto the car

for its quick starting, ita easy control, its simplicity and
its extraordinary capacity for hard, work. :

Tho phenomonally large sale of Ford’ cars is the direct
result of Ford SERVICE and Ford SATISFACTION.

Fer satisfaction is os universal as the Ford car ftnelf.
Doctors, ‘Iewyors, salesmen, bakers, grocers and farmers
all praise the Ford—all are satisfied. arr

Its low cost appenis to them) Its unusually low upkeep
cost pleases them. Its sturdy, steady, service-giving char-
acter wins them and satisfies-them, Even the’ wealthy
prefér to drive Ford cars rather than bot) jr with tho cost-
ly, cumbersome limousine and chauffeur. It means econ-
omy when saving is a natioqnal duty.”

Ford satisfaction is just as valuable ‘as uptolstery, or ao
fancy finish. Ask any Ford owner about it.

Ifsyou intend to buy a Ford, place your order with the
nearest dealer. Y

Kemp Furniture Co.
Amherstburg, Ontario.

aaa

» When you buy’pojsons to protect your crops you cati-
: unt tore .to take chances on quality. The harvest
at stake. Se ee > et

fi

 
ren a

iT CDERANL
FRUIT MEDICINE

{

Thousands Owe Health And

Strength To ‘“Fruit-a-tives”

“PRUIT-A-TIVES”, the marvellous
medicine made from fruit juices — has
reliéved more cases of Stomach, Liver,
Blood, Kidney and Skin Troubles than
easy other medicine. In severe casts
of Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago,

- Pain in the Back, Impure Blood, Neu-

i ralgia, Chronic Headaches, Chronie
+ Constipation and Indigestion, “Fruit-

a-tives’’ has given unusually effective
results. By its cleansing, healing
powers on the eliminating organs,
“Fruit-a-tives” tones up and invigor-
ates the whole system.

SOc. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 25e.
At all dealers or seat postpaid by Fruit-

a-tives Limited, Ottawa.
—:

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—Miss Inez Grant has returned from
athres weeks’ ‘toliday st Huron
—Miss Etta Pickering R N.. of De
trolt, is 2 guest of her parents. Mr.
and Mrs. HY. Pickerime
—Frank Leonard, of the Molsons
ink. Simcoe. is spending a comple of
Weeks with friends fn town
—Fermers are making their second
i of alfalfa) The crop is a one
eran ft is being cured in frst<tess
tion
ans never changing its standard of
high quality Salada has won the s4-
miration of tea lovers
economising peop)
ico

Monday to aitend
ment

Danean Gr

parents, Mr.
d other rels-

—Mr. and Mrs
have been visiting his
and Mrs. Join Grant.
tives here. left iast
tern trip to Dawson

—in the Public
put through the House of Commons
Igst week are t following:-—Belle
River, repairs ¢ eet piling. $308;
@olchester, repai -
Leamington, repal
Pelee Island. repairs

—Here is thr
wheatless

menu

. green
fiot corn bread. apple tapioca, oatme:
Wiacaroons and coffee

—While

Food..Geutroller Hanna is

urging the people of Cahsda to have} ar

at least two meatless days a week, On-
tario cattle are pouring into Buffalo at

the rate of twenty-five carloads a day.|

Now if these cattle were going to feed
the troops of the Allies. but Little fault
could .be found. but instead; they are
going to feed the population of But-
falo. a large percentage of which is
pro-German.

In reply to a sumber of questions
as to why postage stamps are affixed
to soldiers’ letters after they .reach
Canada, the Postmaster-Ge 1 days
&@ Dew system is cdntemp! and in
the” a mark would be
mamped on soldiers’ letters at the
starting point to indicate that they
Were from men on active service.

“Whis' would do away with the need for) -o
letters after by

placing stomps, on the
they reach Cansda.
—Hon. W. J. Hanna, the Dominion
Food Controller, has adopted the idea
of a pledge to. be taken in a house to
house tanyass from each individual
housewife in Canada to do her. best to
prevent food waste and to encourage
thrift and economy” in the tome.
Where pledges are given the Food
Controller will provide a card to be

placed in windows, showing that the |
house is pledged to save {ood for the |
+ » Canadian soldiérs and our!Allies The
Institutes branch of the Department of | p

Agriculture will) send a demonstrator
in canning to any centre upon appll-
cation.
—Adopting the
met with such splendid

ayatem which
su)

Great Britain and which has been fol-|

lowed by the United States,’ pledge
cards, by which it is planned that. ev-

—The ose . Fisher. owned by
the Reid and Wrecking Com-
pany, Sarnia, has sold to repre-
sentatives of the French Government
who expect to leave with her for New
York within ten days. The price paid
was-$265,000. The Reids bonght her
four years ago for $25,000 and have
used her continuously.

—WIll our correspondents please
try and let us have some news weekly.
No matter how small the budget. send
it along and cheer the heart of the
editor and the reader. The most im-
portant news we print ts the country
correspondence. If you need supplies
speak up. If we can help you in any
way, sey so. We know that these are
mighty busy times with you but give
us a few items anyway.

—Speaking of advertising, here is
what some publishers charge for
space: Ladies’ Home Journal. $3 a
line or $14 per inch, and $6,000 for 3
full page each issue; the back cover
sells for $10.000. A fall page adver-
tisement in the Saturday Evening Post
sells for $°.000, amd the back cover
sells for $7,000, the centre page in col-
ors is $12.00). .As this advertising
space ss always filled it fs evident that
advertising pays even at these prices.

—Wherever one drives throug the

t the scarcity of farm laborers
impresses itself. and is indicated by
the few men seen working in the
fields. Nearly every other place one
man is trying to do the work which
two formeriy did In many places
bors have been pressed Into service,
im order to get the bay and whest
crop in barn. In some places as
many 5 r farmers bare combined
to easist each other im harvesting their
crops

—<Cayi Wm

cking & T

th

for several monibs.
at a couple af cper-
went td-Detroi: San-
ted on in one of the
y. The friends of

be pleased to learn
ving. and hopes are
3 complete recov-

family

ations in

the early months of

Essex county ¢an-
“d Middle School
t Entrance into Nor-
ls:—M. D. Bennie, BL
. KH. Barnett, *WE. Cuddy. G.
A Chauvin. AL. Findlay. T.
L. Grant, G. C. Hyatt. E’ F-Kerr, L: B.
Leroy. F. E- Lassaline, J. MacKenzie.
E. M. McLellan. D. MacArthur, F.
Meloche, C. Nolen. “H=OFec bon-
ors). J. Pembleton. S. Reaumie.N. VW,
Setterington, M Sheppard (
E M. Stark, F. R. H Turne
—Many persons in Amhe
Strict have recived let
National Service Board.
to help on the farms.
175

ja change of oecupat

interest

“In the letre
out. that whilst t
Service may inv
are invited to cotiside
thousands of Canadians are
submitting to untold discomforts,
ing their health and fon a remuners-
tion of $1.10 per day. Those who ‘can-
not serve at the front are urged to
serve the cause at home by helping
on the farms.

—An automatic. elect
gate,

ca.

perfected and rece:
two clever young
|The Clayton and. Stanley

ntivy patented
Leamington
Wilkins
The automatie electric ¢. provides
automatic =m6Gns for lowering and
| ralsing a gate at railway crossings,
thereby dispensing with a guatd. The
gate can be ope:

with the block
using
lin con 2
{The invention has been

ted in conjunction

system of road.

the

experts and all unite in sdying
Vention is most perfect im Its line.
and
ett Wind-
Battalion.
Monday.
by

—Captain Harold Browning,
rivate David Bowles,
sor with the Ninety-ni

at at he Vimy ridge fight,
sévral

{While marching to the

a! 2 le: p. ] i]
ery Canadian household shall enlist | Werlog! Bowles met Corporal Hufh

campaign ‘to reduce
foods, such 1

in ‘a, vigorous
wnate of exportable

floir and other wheat product&, beet |

aud bacon, have been prepared at he
instance of the Food Controller for
Cenada, and will be.used in a house
to fouse canvass conducted by Pro-
y_otial and local organizations formed
4a connection with the Food Control-

st der’s Work. The first shipment of these
went.ont from the Government!

‘Printing Bureau on’ Friday.

So

% PERSONALS.
: Ontario Women.

 

arlow, of the British engineers
brother of Gé@rge Warlow. stenograph-
er ot the Windsor police court. Corp-
oral Warlow, Bowles.gaid, was recent-
{ly mentioned in despatches for brav-
ery.

—The Ontario Railway and Munici-
pal. Board, sitting st Windsor last
weak, granted the application of a
number of ratepayers in Sandwich
West Township for annexation with
Windsor, and as a result the city’s
area ds increased by approximately
j 100 acres. Opponents to the plan put
yup a strong counterplea to the Com-
mission; but were not ablé to prevent

motion going through. The preoperty

Ghatham, Ont.—“ Some time ago Thad) in question lies both east and west of

<@ general breakdown.

Pierce's Favor-

It terminated in | Howard avenue. p
quite ‘ bad\.case. | some 200 acres in the vicinity of the |
= Windsor race track to the city’s rolls

A proposal to, add

ite Prescription wae | was laid over until the ratepayers of
drecommendedto the township gan be given_an oppor-

trical a vaiuable
3 most practical ention,. has : will do much to :

and} templatés the {ssuing
weeks, in an English |ative threécent stamp, to consist of! to tomato
hospital before.being invalided home. {an engraved reproduction of Harris’| minced onion till a delicate

front lige! painting

|

a guest of her mother, Mrs. Fleming.
Sandwich street.

—Lewis Sinasac is tearing down his
hot house, Sandwich street, and will
eréct a modern one.

—Mr. and Mrs. Albert Meloche, of
Sandwich, spent the week-end with
their danghters in town.

—Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. Fox. of
Sandwich, spent from Saturday to
Tuesday with their daughter, Mrs. S
M Taylor. »

—Mr. and Mrs. John R.-Pineaa and
six daughters, af Windsor, have taken
up their residence in town fora few
days.

—Mrs. Anderdon and daughter, Miss
Grace Anderson, of Detroit. spent a
few days this week with Mrs. Walter
Wigile, Park street.

—Mr. and Mrs. Forest Wigle and
children. of Walkerville, are guests
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Sinasac, Elm avenue.

—Frank Auffret. who has been so
seriously il! al winter. and summer,
was down town Monday. feeling fine.
and is improving rapidly.

—Miss Victoria Thompson, of De
troit, is a guest of the Misses Duff,
Dalhousie street. and enjoying t he
besutifol auto drives in and around
Amherstbarg

BRUNNER,

—-{+— >

MOND DEVELOPMENT
During the past week, work has been
Started in cleaning the brine well,
which was put down two years ago
at the Canard) A3 soon as this is
completed. three more wells well be
drilled im that vicinity. The Founda-
tion Company’s big clam dredge got
to work. Wednesday, excavating» for
the river ead of the Sfoot sewer. The
work was initiated just soath of tie
hospital. and is attracting 3 great-deal
of attention. A number of additional
taboters arived this week The Com-
pany will erect a tent. some 30x69.
near the large building. which will be
used as a dining room for “the men,
who will be able to procure their meals
there at a small co Trenching and
concrete work‘are Zz
only delay

cessary

MINISTER FARMERS AND TEACH-

WRITE FOR THE PRESS.

yndents for. The

everywhere in

5 nO more effect-

means- by which

caf, store their minds

knowledge and gain the

iving expression ‘to what

. than by, writing for the

Give the news of-your

nity in the plainest language you

can command. The Echo will be

pleas#d fo hear from correspondents

In d cis mot at present represented
in this paper Every locality

sdmething interesting and worth while
publishing in the ‘newspaper.

young person who can write the neigh-
boyhood happenings. -in plain.

accemplishment, ¢
Cure success
in after lifes We will-send necessary

statfonery and postage.

NEW CONFEDERATION POST CARD

he Post Officé Department is Issu-
{ng a post card in commemoration of
the fiftieth anniversary of Confedera-
tion. The post card used js the ordin-
ary post card with an insért contain-
ing information) with regard to the
various provinces existing in 1867, and |
now, and also usticah, information
as*to-area, population, the general de- |
rélopment “and industry of the coun-
try. since 1867. "The information sup- |
plied is of a most interesting @ipr-|
acter, and {llust he rapid growth
of Canada. 6 nentialso con- |
a commemor-

Depa.

“Fathers of Confederation.” |

mp is now in course of pre-|

LAYING HENS REQUIRE '
SOME ANIMAL PROTEIN |

For best egg yieldsjhens need il
dnimal protein supplement. in connec: |
tion with corn’ Meat scrap sad tank-|
age mihy be used for this purpose.

Hens fed 1.6 pounds of mect scrap!
in a feeding test conducted at the }
Ohio Agricultural Experiment Station |
produced an average of 92 eegs in one
years Another “lot given 11.6 pounds
of meat scrap produced 141 2¢g¢8 per
hen in the same‘time. The extra feed
costing 19 cents a hen returned a
profit'of 74 cents. ;

Tankage was; a satisfa¢tory substi
tute for meat scrapein the ration for
laying hens in another test and re-
duced the cost of production. While
hens fed meat scrap long wita corn

|} then put all into the frying pan:

meat into nice pi¢es and pack in
giass fare.the pieces of
outside, the pooer pieces in the
middle, boil the liquidfrom which the
meat has been teken down to about
half the original quantty, pour over
the chicken, salt and seal sterilize for
three hours, and keep indark place.
This {s the recipe given by Mrs. Woe-
lord of the Ontario Deyrtment of
Agriculture, and she got it from the
Prince Edward county housewives
some-of whom pat dovrn fifty and
sixty jars of the delicacy and who in
this matter, says Mrs. Woelord, “beat
the world”

DAYLIGHT LAKE TRIPS.

The C. & B. Line 1s again maintain-
ing daylight service berween Clevéland
and Buffalo, These trips proved very
popular last season. and this year
promises even greate patronage.

From Cleveland. stamer “City of
Buffalo” leaves East Sth Street pier
every Sa uarday during the sumoter
season at 930 am. arriving at Bef-
falo 7.30 evening of same day.

From Baffalo, the great ship “See
andbee” leaves wharves at South
Michigan Street brodge every Saturday
at 9.39 am_ reaching Cleveland at 7.30
pb-m. a

The night service will be the same
as heretofore, namely: steamers leave
both cities daily at 9.00 p... reaching
destination the following morning at
730. (All Eastern Time.)

Low fare excursions from Cleveland
and Buffalo are giveh every Saturday,
good returnig Sunday.

A reduced automobile rate of $5.00
round trip is made for~these week-
end trips for cars not exceeding 127
inches wheel base.

=

coLD WATER CANNING.

The natural history society of Brit-
tsh Columbia has been investigating a
method of preserving fresh fruit and
vegetables in cold water only, without
cooking or sugar. Mra. M. Rudd. of
Victoria. demonstrated before © the
committee, showing rhubarb, logan-
berries, cherries d currants pre
served in bottles. She said she also
had been successful with peaches,
nectarines, plums, strawberries, peas,
beans, corm and tomatoes.

“The tregh fruit is placed. in“any jar
or bottle that can be sealed by a rub-
ber band or cap. The bottle or jar is
placed.in a receptacle deep enough to
allow at least four inches of water to
eover it. The water is then’ allowed
to run into each bottle or jar and cor-
tinue running until the receptacle is
full and running over 30 that all im-
purities are washed off.

“The bottles or jars remain under
water until all air bubbles have ceased
to- appear—usually about five minutes
They are then sealed under tie water,
wiped dry, turned upside down and al-
lowed to remain in that position for
twenty-four hours. If dry alter that
period, the bottle is proved to be air-
tight; if*not, the process must be re-
peated. The only principle seems to
be to expel the alr; and keep it: out.
The water must, of course. be pure.”

The new method is bens tried by
some Amherstburg women and the re-
sult of the experiment will be watch-
ed with interest ‘i

SUMMER COMPLAINTS
- KILL-LITTLE ONES

At the first sien of illness during the
hot weathér give the little ones Baby’s
Own Tablets, on in a few house) le
may be beyond cure, These Tablets
will prevent-summer complaints — it
given o¢casionally to the well child
and will promptly cure there troubles
if they come on suddenly. Baby's
Own Tablets should always be. kept
in every home/where there are young
children. There‘is no other medicine
as good and the mother has the guar-
antee ofa Government ‘analyst that
they are ‘absolutely safe. The Tab
lets are sold by medicine dealers or
by mafb at 25 centsa box from The Dr.
Willams” Medicine Co... Brockville,
Ont

— ——_—_———

Tomato Gravy.

Put through a sieve or cullander, |
| if seeds are no objection..a@° good pint

of tomato pulp. Take any kind of
tasty Meat, such aa sausage, or fried
bacon, even scraps of cooked ham
will do>*Grind meat, and add a cupful,

| more or less according to convenience,

Fry in drippings some
brown.
Let
simmer a short timé,and if tod thick,
add water, finally thickening’ with
flour., In addition to pepper and. salt
some like cumry, or other high season-

ing. >
= ——-

Mr. and) Mrs. Walter Malcolm, for |:

pb bbdeehtebidehbedeht MOTHER'S BREAD 44th eeeahethbohte

thirty years residents of- Hatchley, a |)

Brant county village, some sixteen
miles from Brantford, and their efght-
year-old grandson, Gordon, were burn-
ed to death in their.home early Friday
morning. :

HOW MRS, BEAN

MET THE CRISIS ~ Calt Meal & Worm Powders»

ean Gols
cp chigeot nod othe pn

to: 1:30'to 6.9 p.m:

A Satisfactory . Range , 1 Corner of Richmond and amas

Streets. next Oddfellows’
pide 5 at? east of Post Office, Amhe e
“Pandora” Ranges never disappo: ae
f DR. O. TEETER, MB.
the cook. Alsa they last longer, main- 1 AND SURGEON Gredaateot
tain a more even temperature, use
less fuel and require less attention

Toronto University, College Physi-
and Apaloy streets, ‘opposite Town Hall

than any other range you can buy.

Write for free illustrated booklet. .

amberstburg.
B, H. ABBOTT, ILD.
AXD
PANDORA RANGE
LosDom MONTREAL WINKIPSG VANCOUVER

a HB HAMILTON CALGARY 7
NS EDMONTON

For SALE BY. W. H. JONES

. a lc Worth of

Alc Worth of
BREAD POTATOES

Eleven cents will’buy a little more than a pound of potatoes. Three-
fourths of the potato is water. Their food value is low.

Eleven cents will buy a generaus loaf of Curtis’ bread. Bread is three

times~as nourishing at potatoes. In fact it supplies more nourishment
ther food. arid, «ines

for the money than any other an peans of un ce In Daament

= = 9 Elecirie Ry waiting room, Kxsex. X-ray in
nection.
Curtis’ Bread ste wate onsees

she i
Tastes even better than it looks. Cut down on potatoes and eat an ‘RANELIN A. HOUGH, B.A,
extra slice or two of bread at every meal ARBISTER Solicitor, Noury con

etreet, Amberstburg. Se-Monoy to

veyancer, 4c. (ffice:
; FRED. H. A; DAVIS,
ARIST Rt Solicitor, Notary Public, Con-

Veyancer. 4c. (Office, Hamsay Street
Amberstbarg. Sonty vo ivan.

~ BARTLET & BARTLET, —

ARRISTERR, Solicitors, ae. Offices in
B Davis Bioex, Windsor. Saney to loen,
ALEX. R. Barer, HA.
WALTER G. Harrzer, 1A, LLB.
Geo, A. Unquianr, B.A.. LLB.

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH, ~

ARRISTERS, SOLICITORS, ETC., J. BL
B Rodd, B.A, LL B, County Crown At
torney-and Clerk of the Hene’ for the Coun:
of Essex EK S. Wigie, Bh A. cs 5:
McHugh. Offices Victoria Block, Windsor,

DAVIS & HEALY.

See ess SOLISTERS, NOTARIES,

Etc. Mo to Loan.
‘Windsor, ee Medley ‘lock.

F. D, Davis. B.A. A. F. Healy.

JAMES B. McLEOD. -

HUNDRED & SEVENTEEN 1.) BBuldiag: Winsor Ont. “eg Steaty is

: fustc, Art. Orctory. bitgh School, Busines dog on farm property at lowest current rates
estic Science end Supstior P: al Trairang. ~~ FRANK W. WILSON.
° fe

FOR TERMS, ADDRESS : SESISTER, SOLICFEOR, Notary Public

5 - o id .
RL WARNER. M.A. D.D. Presiden St Thomas, Oreaia Eritian Columplatarcy: Monee en en

Farm Ae at lowest rates of intorest.
OmMice LaBelle Building, Corner CUvellette

and London Sts., Windsor, Ont. Phone 2351.
W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, NOTARY, ETC, _
B Eingsville, (mt. - By se a

Dalhousie si
- street (opposite Waterworks)

DR. T. JAMES PARK.

HYSICIAN AND SULGEON,- 1
burg, Ontario, a

WH. A. MeDONALD, LB,

' Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.
VUNSUL1A110N BHUURS
10a.m.ted p. m

and appviniment
73 Victoria Avenes Telephone

WINDSOR - =*
DE. A. E. STEWART.

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON, Gradcate
P Toronto- Univeraity. _

. McGregor,
Sia Ragioch OY cndat oa
_DR. W. C. DOYLE, ILD.

P\R, W.c. DOYLE, a6 D., CAL, £.W.MLC,
Honor graduate of Western Univernity,
London ; cae es the Coliege of Physicians

 

We keep Silverwood’s celebrated smooth-as-velvet Ice Cream Bricks;
three flavors. Order one for your Sunday dessert.

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

LMA LADIES’ COLLEGE
OPENS ITS THIRTY-7TH
YEAR ON .SEPTEMBER
SEVENTEEN: NiNETEEN

MOTHER’S BREAD

 

— Sa =

Can We Not Tempt You To
Taste the Goodness of Our

ONEY BACK’
BREAD

The superior quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite. :

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,
so much desired, but rarely found.in most breads.

We want you to be skeptical in buying this bread.

Tray it out—if it doesn’t happen to be all that we say
’ it is—why, then, your Money Back.

= Made only and guaranteed by

S. RENAUD,

UCTIONEER. ? Arrangementa for »eale

made atanytime For terms etc. apply.
to him or address Amherstburg P.O. :

JOHN READMAN, »°

BSUER of Marriage nse
I Ae ot ee ‘for the County

High Claes donuments a Specialty.

LEAMINGTON -
Granite and Marble Works

C..8. CULLES, Proprietor,
Write tor Prices.

LEAMINGTON, ONT

GVSUE GUBHLOW $4444644444 4444444404

Phone 25

 

NEAL BAKING CO. Ltd.

Phone 59 WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave

For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove’s, G. T. Florey
Son's, G. F. Girardin's, A. J. Burns’ and Silas Allen's. *

Sold in Harrow by W. R. Boyte & Co. In McGregor by Beug!
and G Langis & Son. << thes

 

J. SUTTON & SONS

Funeral Directors —
House of, quality.
Auto Sani feaenit ioe: desired. '

163 Ocelletio Ave, WINDSOR. 0;
Phone SSS. ae

fi

8. W.& A. RAILWAY

PEREEEREEEEEREEEEEEEEE EL

‘SUMMER TIME TABLE.

Cars run on Eastern Standard Time.
ta effect May 23rd, 1917.

MOTHER'S BREAD
}

t-

Royal Purple Stock Specific’
Roup Cure, Chick Feed,
Stock Specific,

7

$$ windsor,

mherat-
burg.

fea
a

, A

10.00
pol
12.00
rs 2
p.m.
i

oy)
BY

eF

Eas ee

Liniment..
me by a friend who | tunity to vote or it-- x

used it and reeeived | __pidding for the purchase of the

; i
a pont adie } wrecked steamer Natrionco was pret-

and bran laid 121 eggs per her in one
‘year; others fed tankage in place of
meat scrap produced 132 eggs per hen
at a slightly lower ¢?st-

es

¢

2.00

Carried Safe! Sr a |
of Lifeby Lida E Peckban's

ane

mx months I was

g& completely cured of.

my. ail ; and ;Jobns,

have never had-an
return of sime.

this
G7. by A. B. Macksy, of Hamilton, former

first eymptoms of any derange-

at of life the one safe
helpful’ remedy is Dr. Pierce's ‘ably go to the highest bidder it is not
ds of women in Canada have

Pimecs Faxort

ie ae
Favorite Prescription & a
to women in times of trial.

, ty keen and the bids which were open-
ed tast week at the office of R- Parry-
representative of the under-
writers, ranged from $25,000« to. $32.-
; 000. Six bids were made and two
Cleveland parties were among the
bidders. The bid of $32.000 was.made

towner of the boat. which acted for
French interests. The bids will be
ubmitted to the underwriters, and
hile the wrecked steamer will_prob-

{likely that he deal will be closed until
‘next. week. The Natironco was up
. bound wijif coal and will go with the
‘ boat at $1,600. “2

+ —The Trotter Towing and Wrecking
Co; of Amherstburg. has recovered

ther machinery of the steamer John
Plankinton, which sunk in the Can-

—-

ACCOUNTANCY ‘JN FARMING..

The Ontario Agricultural College’
gives accurate snd détailed records of
‘the cost of producin.
Take, for example, (2@ record of 166
acres devoted to o#!3- Ths reut of
the land is fixed at $530. The use of »
building for storing ‘he crop is chara)
ed at $147, The, s¢ed cost $171.60, |
manual Inbor $519-88. and hors» labor, +
on a calculated @timate of 19% cents
an hour, pted to $502.67. . The
use of machinbr? {8 set down at $198.

68. Twine cost
Etats enn :
whe wo i
were $56.57, makit®
From this were

sums represen

straw and the

The net outley wi®

The manure applied
jInterest ch:
@ total of

different crops. -

$26.57. extra Inbor for —

B
betel

385

Le
ehhh eb bbb
TS

lf

Rae

“6,
6.00

gonecre

7W. T: WILKINSON.

HARNESS AED LEATHER eo0on0s st a ;

Pa

Eeeceecee

“al
7.

8.00
9.

"BEEEEE

ft
bre

00
00
00
30

Pp
8

a
12.40
au

a

em

HOUSE B

 
 
    

  
 
  

t few weeks as to have overlooked
any too often to see to your

 

handkerchief

THE ESHD PRINTING GO., Limited] sortety

PREAIDENST.

Friday, August 10, 1917.

Published by members of the Holy Name

of St. John the Baptist church

  

Amherstburg, Ont. ; 4 ‘

    
   
  
 
  
 
 

are requested to turn out in a adgurn id J
body to tho 8.30 mass, next Sunday Grovcce ins Buel Fe i ge
Earl T. erat @ be of © pk O Eot'93 dn whe eal

  
   
 

i

  

 

 

  

Theodore Langlois
threslting season at his home on Mon-
day, threshing 400 bushels of wheat

  
  
  

 
  
  
 

Wittrid Lajsie visited relatives in }.Jends and requiring ie cre an repair aod improve
A Act. —
provisions inieipal Drea te

 

     
 

ood Linen Handkerchief, So; or a dozen for...... 80c
good fanc embroidered corner
a good Cotton Handkerchief for ladies or children,

hematitched, too, each.....--.1.-rrreeesr tt

 
  

Youngsters’ Rompers at 35c

Some mothers call them “creepers,” because they will stand all
the creeping and rolling and tumbling the tots enjoy during the hot
weather. No mother should take up her time making a romper of

5 5 be had, ready made,
this kind when they can bo bad, nds med at. 306, 406, O96

pe REINA ALL I
An Interesting Display of

Very Light Wash Materials

At 12}c to $1.25 a Yard

Please note that these fabrics are extremely desirable. They are
REAL summer wash goods. They make up the kind of waists and
s that women demand for hot summer days, because they are

oh
+
t
5 | not only pretty, but fashionable and so light in weight you can hardly

 

Included are floral effects and*conventional designs.

a a a a eA OAL AL

Another Display of
Summer Curtain Scrims
and in just the wanted designs for summer curtains
A better quality in white and ivory at 186.
9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

+
+
:
Wash Goods, Very Special, 18c Yard. :
ss
:
Ss
At 123ca Yard as

| A short time ago, when we advertised these curtain scrims, It t
was only a question for a woman to see them to purchase. The =

:

Bartlet, Macdonald & bow,

at the same prices es heretofore. Various patterns are being shown,
LIMITED. +
cy
+

   
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 

 
 
  
  

WINDSOR.

  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

The TORONTO
_Silo, with its airtight,
heat-retaining walls of 2’’ Spruce
and its tight-fitting doors; has
always made an exceptionnally high

quality Ensilage.

That's -becauss the hip makes it
possifle’to tramp the ensileage tho-
roughly right up to the eaves, and so
put injseveral tons extra.

We ship the Toronto Silo ready to
go up with the least possible ,
amount of work on the jot

  

 

 

   
  
    

   
   

       

   
 
       
      
        
       
    
    
    

   
   
  
  

 

  

   

 

          
      
   

 

 

Fall—This Sale.Speeds on Until the Close

= “You'll never come across A be .
“time than right now to invest in a in These Suits for
aew suit. The quality of fabrics _ Boys at ;
is as good as you have ever Mer ;

3. are correct; aod the yy OFF

sizes and styles are up to

es

tary

Sir Richard McBride died in Lon-] off 11 acres. It has been rumored he
don, Eng., Tuesday morning. Death

is said to have been due to Bright's
disease, from which the former Pre- | th ban’s Guild on Wednesday | trice spent *
the St. Alban’s Gu n y Bena wucy Langts. to be benefitted by such dtainage work, and of offer lands and roads lable for contritin-

mier of British Columbia ine ae last. Lunch was served and a very| friend, Miss
fering for several years. Lady Mc | pleasant time spent. The next meet-| Lucille, da injuri ab’
Bride meet —r ak Bree in | ing will be held atthe home of Mrs. | fell downstals 90° day this week, and ey ara rei ork by every road or lot, of portion of lot, the said as

England. Sir Richard and family were | Charles Bailey on Wednesday, Septem: | injured her Sh. nas commenced and | upon the roads and lots, or parts of lots, hereinafter tn that belall specialty pee form

on the eve of sailing.
cide whether the burial will be in
England or Britsh Columbia. Sir|2, Malden:—Jr. Ill to Sr. If.—Gert- | Donus Soul t
Richard McBride was born in New| rude Jackson, Charles Wood, Charles bushels ta the acre, and he disposed 0}
Westminster, B. ©. December 15th.| Brush, Mosle Rose, Orma Dowler. Sr.}it at once a

1870. returns, -
bis ny res ge N.S. oe wont to Sr. Il—Edna Brush, Mary Bondy. The res iy ready =
west and stared to practice law. In| Clyde Brush, Margaret Brush, Ponty | ters is neat

1598 he became M. P. for Dewdney Wood. maith Bas ee an or Taree furnace is being installed in it] Chester Townline, and from thenee runs west in the line of the existing road itch
ane Se gil are cee Ge ee ella Brush, Dolly Jackson, Forest we arene mfort that reflects | land in the westerly portion of Lot 59 and the southeast rtion of | 53

He had been in the House from Jackson, “Harold Anderson, Harold int of co ‘ and the southeast portion of Lot 58 to a point
to 1916. In 1900 he was made Minister aanahe Lily Bastien. Primer to I— ln ceaiit’ on the enthusiasm in a branch of Big Creek whore the lake water in reached, at a distance of 900 feet
of Mines, and from 1903 to 1916 was] Qwen McGee, Harold Atkinson, Mar-| of
Premler of British Columbia. He was] garet Anderson, Pear! Dowler, George | school
made K. C. in 1905 and created K. C.| Whalen, Rita Bastien.
M. G. in 1912. At the time of his death

Kat a reminder for the woman who has been so very J. A. AULD, A.W. MARSH, iithies Agdiguat' 12th, tice
thia very important Spoty Tams ee started the the diteh or drain on, the ‘Collison Siderosd i» Gut of repay and causing dam
said drain or

a dresse:
ake i issioner rking for better results The plan shews Uhe locations and course of the drain an da and
feel the heat. Mcluded ae eh) ae ba bey pi inte eee. basket ae Laren y Rr a Engiand. : dad) Sl phete rhe Falck poh ra! ae nhtasuad, both spiritually pill tee pe Drofile gives the dimen fons, ieee ther data wach 1 Pee ae
po8, yolles, es, lawn: . : ompliance with, an :
weave skirtings, linens, fancy volles, Ussu po! | —— established a 100% record. He pre-|and educationally, than have been ob- herwio ives the manner Se uien ihe work, Is 7 ne Reerorntaan erie eerie men
the pas 0 avated, etc. .

CONSCRIPTION ‘BILL

After nine amendments to the mo-] other nine wrote on the finals and all | driver rubbering a!

tion forthe third reading of the Mili-| were -suctesful as follows: Horace | young lad| She was talking to ane | the specifications in reference thereto submiveet ‘herewith.
Service Bill had been presented, | Atkin, Lloyd Beaudoin, Donald En-}of her get
and in’ turn been declared defeated, | derby. Marvin Enderby, Evelyn Fort-| work, whet
that measure: was passed by the Sen-} ner, Marjorie Larabee, Hazel Larabee, | chine dreve by,

ate without’ a division Wednesday | Caldwell Marontate, Harold Martin. ja arently conld not fake his eyes Of | Hrainage Act, for the ) ‘ I
night. Had it not been amende In pa What is more remarkable, Marven Tatil he found that Soran not attend- mee Acts [OnE eae to owners of land entitled thereto the following stoxints:
tain respects in the Upper Chamber, | Enderby is but eleven years old, prob- | ing to business, and the machine went Lever Name of owner ADO wane Allowance for farm
it would be ready to receive the Goy-|ably the youngest student taking that head first in the ditch. It took some partotelot, © assessed owner. aumagess ea irutres
ernor-General’s assent and so become | examination in the county, and cer-| time to extricate it from that position, | Ss pr E pt 58.... Levi Jarriett, Sr...-...8 18 00 8 $ ic
law. As it is; however, the bill must]tainly the youngest writing at Am-|and the next time he goes through ane Ew pote Dowler . pes ae 10 00
be returned to the Commons where the] herstburg for years. Marven is a son| McGregor he will keep his eyes on} {PU Ut c0’-” Mra. E ea: ae 35.90
changes made by the Senators will be | of. Marshall T. Enderby, 6th. conces-| Ford, not on Henrietta. W pt E pt 69... Earl T. Beotham....... 50 00
discussed and. concurred in, and as}sion. His sisters, Wava and Verda, Charles Talbot, a highly respected] © pt M pt 62... Gerald or Mary Brush. 50 00
goon as the royal assent {8 obtained, | are stenographers in the office of Mr. resident of this district, passed away W pt M pt62... Gerald or Clarendon Brush . 50 90
the bill will be enforced and criticism} Haas, purchasing agent for the Brun-| at his homé east of the village Monday Amounting in afl t0....2.-...... -$ 5500 $$ 3500... 150.00
of conscription becomes a’ punishable | ner, Mond. morning, aged 43 years. He had been My estimate of the cost of the work in detail is as follows:— 3 7
offense. The first move will probably | The annual garden party of the Mal-]in failing health for the past two en ee ake aeie ne sehaidistence of 4/800 foot. % 406 80
be to establish the local tribunals to|den Methodist church was held last} years with tubertulosis. Mr. Talbot} Excavation from stake 76 to stake 92 a distance of 1600 feet, ts is
consider exemptions. The first men to] Thursday evening on the spacious} was o son of the late Pierre Talbot, Amounting to for extavation.:.....,-..-+-+.%4 1066 50
be called out will be the, unmarried] lawn of Mr. and Mrs. Hartsom Bratt. | who it will be remembered was killed Pape st eee : ~.8 895 00
men and widowers without children | The: weather was perfect and a very|some 23 years ago. His mother, who] Ajiowance for farm bridge....... Naa . oe sos
between the ages of 20 and 35, that is| large crowd gathered The supper}after his father’s death, married Fred. ] Allowance for damages to lands and crops (if any 55 00
men from 20 years of age to 34. came first and was another token of] Fredette, Is also dead. He is survived Pe BO a pe etc AE 00
—"WALDEN aa: the good cooking for which the ladies} by the {ollowing brothers and sistera:.| publishing and registering by-law... . am oF
4 of that church are noted. A program} FAward, Adolphus and’ Arthur, of Col-} Court of revision..-..- +++. r>- 18 00
followed consisting of music by Oliver | clsester North; Fred,, Leo and another ets aes acorn ige me tcieterversnrtng 38 99

Mrs. Thomas Sellars is on the sick] Deneau and Mr. Woods on the violin

rhe New HIP-ROOF adds ish, Ordway Coll Is visiting at Nor panigt Thomas sang a couple of ange SDD: Arsene Teen ne T Rl UDG Stes ata tani ah hj
] . ; ai Mrs dway Coll is vik a panist. R. Thomas sang a couple of} Arpan, of Windsor; Mrs. Arsene Ren- 5 sum T assess against the lands and rogds that should contribute towards thé:
a hbme im Ohio. pelections, while Mr. Fax was the fun- aud, of Amderdon, and Mrs. Carrier, Spt freed out of the work a3 shown and s¢t out in the schedule of assessment’ attached
Mr. Tatbot lived.for some Of the cost of the highway bridges required On the drain.I have in my assessment

Maurice Sellars has a valuable} py man in dialect sketches and songs. | of Staples.

still Another Advantage fo the horse sick with lockjaw. His Irish song was a great hit. But} years in the village afd wns section
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Beeman and] ;) jadies made the greatest hit in a} foreman on tihe Pere Marquette rall-

, son Williatm.are holidaying at} William 7 “ os
I ; | i} . é: : 7 A screaming farce, “The Pink Tea,”} way. . Later he moved to his farm.] up and maintained in repair at the Joint expense of the Jands, roads and muni
ORON @) 1917 leas Waldron's, : 2 « | which was a burlesque in color of an] His wife, wino survives him with a assessed for carrying out the same, tn the. relative proportion assessed in the eos
= deval antl oe - Loretta Langlois teturned Sunday} attempt at society entertaining with-| large family, was formerly Emma Bes | ONPaseRsmene Mecsto arnexhel NEL Cibo sera cermiried | and report e upOn
RS = after spending a week with her sistér,]out the necesshry qualifications. | loche. -Mr. Talbot was a highly re- - Your obedient. servant,
community, i ALEX. BAIRD,

Mrs. Elmer Renaud of Where and how hte costumes were cre-
Joseph D. Barron suffered a stroke | ated was the query of many.» “Thoy
of paralysis Thursday of last week,| were fearfully and wonderfully made.
and is in quite a serious condition. Rev. L. W. Reid, of Amherstburg, de-
Mrs. C, Percy,-of Windsor, returned | jiyored a neat“ speech, complimenting

|home. Sunday after “spending two} the 7

| ii people on the prosperity of the} ment in the local cemetery. adopted, and the drainage’ work ‘as therein indi mad

| weeks visiting relatives in Malden. community and the jmportance of the KIN Stay: Fe aia constructed in accordance therewith. ge dese ee 2 aoe
NGSVILLE. 2nd. The Reeye of the said Township of Malden may borraw on the credit of the

Mis Marguerite Deslippe, Irving Me-] farmers in the present food stringency.
Joche, Viola McCarthy and Ethel Lev-] Rey. JA. Sneiiaresided and eats
ergood’ were the guest of Josie Bondy pleased his new congregation. About

QUALITY and QUANTITY
J last week. $70 was realized.
With the new Hip Roof It will now Mr, and Mrs, Thomas Thornton and }- Ls —- Mirad Voadome'ts holidaying ‘with’ Wit) interest at the rate of-six per-centum per sinum, thatis 0 sayin Seven equal at;
make an exteptiogtt yantily as well! }son Glen and Miss Clarice Melocho Malden Council. friends in this; vicinity. Seer a Pave arepatied No them pe oe eS OG erate ives i
tonal: quantity as ! Roe enV indian Enda nntl aceit The monthly meeting of the W. C. 3rd, For paying,the sum of $1,100.00, the ‘amount changed fe said ihnds
t Monday, August 6th. T; U. wns held ot he home of Mra. ie rt ion td Pansies n the amount charged against sald lands
ads, 5 e sum of $,..... . the amount charged said +

{the day.
} Mr. and Mrs. T) A’ Thornton and
Mr. aid Mrs. D. A. Ouellette attended | members presnt

the moonlinght Monday evening. Théy

report-a fine time,
Mrs. Maurice Pilon, who his deen] Langlois, were’ adopted. after being

ill, ia doing splendidly.” She leaves at corrected. 1
the beginning of the week for a trip

Its first cost is m ate, to Coaticook, Quebec.
7 it saves fnoney év hy Miss Myrtle Barron, of Windsor, | pald?—G. C. Brash, $750, for haulfhg[Scriptare refative, to the same. Mrs. — a
epee pees, motored dowi with her mother, Mrs:|4 loiids of earth and repairing bridge }Colfn Quick repontted her effarts made ro, SES S Lous.
making . more and hetter Charles Barron, last Friday, tind-spent}gn the South 7th Concession drain; [in connection witih the franchise, and E ze ES? 3 deg8
_  ensilage”’. the day at Lewis Barron's, FP. G. Brush, $3.30 for u rena ances on mny te anticiyated, the evolution is Bie awe One eeuoe 3.6 3 Se 5-8 a CEES
= Mr. and Mrs. George Sellars spent] img at 10 cents @ rod, In the Creek slow. In the imbsence of Mrs. W. & x $$ s35 =r 550 a6 Ps
% The TORONTO Pneumatic Ensilage Cutter Sunday at J. @ Best's, Windsor. iiss road: Hazen Bratt, 92, for hauling fMathiesom, Wirs. A. W. Allen acted as 5 oe =e g23 a5e et #2 2ess
d b TORONTO Gasolize Engine, | Martha Robertson aécompanied them | dirt and repairng bridge on Middle} treasuner Mra. H. Layman and Mrs. Shap Se, Se Aiea Pa béa GSE Ese am TESS
$ riven by a SOKO IC SOUR NGM, 1S home for a visit with Miss Viola. Side Road;}Demos Langlois, $14, for} Alexamder Brown were appointed vis-| Front Road S Epes 10 $8500 s9.80 55360 eae
the Wardiest> most satisfactory rig yeu can use for filling this or Miss Jane Lepain, of Edgar Mills, is | furnishing thmber and repairing bridge | itors to the santoriam fo rthis month. Ole HOC N E cor, pte 5S O65
any other silo, : | spending some time at Lewis Barron's. |on Knapp’s Island alde road; Herbert) This branch of the Union’s work has Su cine ae TiS Orato
; The later is recovering rapidly under Cornwall, $20, for hauling grav for } been cheeerfally and generously car- Ept bg i) 185 00 Baas ae es
Write jor our Bookigt, ‘Toronto Ensilage Equipment’. “ht will 29 \the care of Dr. Collins, of Harrow. two bridges at N. ¥. Brush’s corner, } ried onaduring the past year, flowers, M pt . » So) 3860 93 O0
fd you about all the fine points of both Slo and Enslage Cutter, = Rey. Fortner’s youngest son, Doug-|and hauling dirt o ce sideroad; | fruits and delicacies, as well a3 maga- SPLoRt fe oe
‘ 2 * {ns,,died on Monday night, of a endi-|Gordon Amilin, 11, for. 9 hours |zines, having been generously given y
We also manufacture Windmills, Pumps, Stable Equipment, etc. citis aged 6 ee Funéral ane held | grading.at $8.00 per day and an extra.jto tho institution €ach month. a4 ¥ hor : then Oak
L Vv Pl LLON . on Wednesday with burial in Lofidon. | man: at $2.50 per day; Arthur Grant, ee Le ay me : pan 1500 i
- WV- . the same as last year—2,@ and, 4. $11.75, Malden’s share of grading and GOSFIELD SOUTH. Ep N 25 WO a 4
. Massey-Harrjis Agency. Phone 74 Margaret and. Isabel “Gowlin “re-| repairing bridge on Melden, and_ Cok a Bene 9 69 $7 40 777 40
; , 5 turned to Sdrnia on Friday, after| chester South» townline; Perry Fie: Arner. A a e
| Old Echo Office, Ramsay St., Amherstburg. " con, $44.92, for building line fence be-} Mr.cand Mrs. Harold, Montrose, of cae ee ata
= = : = = tween 6 e % and ne & of lot 49, un-{ Walkerville, were visitors at Ira Agla's pad 450 3300 $3800
der fence viewers award; Ryan &-Co.,] for the week-end.—Henry Wride and W pv us 16
SS 35c, for ze bales Se sie = ee oe ee spent Sunday at Fatal for Benet... m8 spam o00e tthe $350.00 tae
° a ‘ grease; Echo » Co., S$, for fT: W. ‘e's. —Thres! es ‘ol OP Outlot... 245 ceeds acccwene #9 4 eeerseci. ae 480 00 r
_—— SATISFACTORY CLOTHES FOR DAD AND HIS LAD-—— stamps, post cards and collector’sirail; | menced a Nin at herve tere ee ucla Malden for share of Bri 60 00 >
Thomas Beaudoin; 912.65,.for balance | Herbert Stephens is not improving «(and Tands)y of Municipality... 273 00 . 2
OUI Soest <2 8296300. : 3

* Disregarding “Costs—Despite the Present Increased. Valnations— of Goyerament dilo drain Youn; Alex.
and totally Indifferent to’the Certainty of Still Higher Prices in ~~}¥rent tiie FO eee Howat CDS;

 

age
bs : + | y i ‘a treasurer of Colchester South, -$813.60,
j a e for Malden’s share under engineer's
i 5 award ro, Shepley drain, By-law No.
: 5 ? . 565; Alox. Baird, $66, for plans, pro-

’“ The Most Welcome Event of the Season.
: etter All Mothers will be Interested All Men Will Be Interested in| rans Bros.

blue and High Grade Bloomer Suits for Roya who are

 
 
 

  
        
  
      
 
  
   
   
 

McGregor on 3unday. ‘And tho sald cal ‘ dies
snp a dah ty eee oi CF aerate ea
has raised in his prices, but they are Windsor, spe?! ecile and sister Bea- el roads Mable to assessment under The nictp: al Drainag 5 eh Fes

Mrs. Maurice Hutchins entertained | «Miss Mabe! rocared pl NMeations and estimates of
the week-end with her] Diocared Dinns, sper rand an assessment to be made dy him of the 1snds and roads

,

557

Langis, | don thereto, stat! as n a5 be can the rtion of
ter of George Langi: ng ee Bes SS all proparticn 0! ponent, outies Hapiiity, and

severely. . mate being the sssesshuent, f.creinafter by by-law enacted to be

 
  

oe dh Wheat thresh! and described: and the report of the said AlSvandcr Baird, C. B., in respet
§ not ye de ber 6th. . e if ly Seo 77 Ci ol D
most satisfactory. of the said drainage work being as follows 4 fi apecs tiereo!, and
Leamington, 23rd July, - 1917.

To the Reeve and Councillors of the Township of Malden:—
Gentlemen,—In compliance with instructions from your honorable body, 1. have
made a survey of the Collison Side Road Drain in your Township and beg to submit

in connection therewith the following report:
The drain commences on the north side of the travelled portion of the

known as the Collison Siderosd, at a point 9 feet west of the Malden and Sou CON

          
       
     
      
        
     
   
      
      
     
  
     
          

  

_§. No. ye are
Promotion examinations in S. S. No./the resu igny’s crop turned out 32

  

     
  
 
  
  

t $2.25 the bushel. Others

He was educated at Dalhousie . W— » : . It
I to Jr. 1i—Freeman. Bastien. Jr, report as Fience for the teaching sis-

for occupancy.

= along the north side of the said sideroad 4,500 feat, thence south across this
thing being brought to} and southwesterly In the general trend of water ow through a small depression ir. the

nanit southeasterly from where the drain will cross the Front or River road,
the people here. The “Dow T find that the construction of a suMelent drain in the coursé surveyed and above

also. approaching com- déscribed is much required to give proper and eMcient drain for the lands and ro;
is dependent upon the same for drainage, and | would Mec mimend that the arain Bo con:

Jetion, an@ When under the new or-
4 the McGregor school sys- | Siucted any i Hance with the details set out by the plan, profile and specifications

   

 

P. P. McCallum, teacher of S. S. No. | der of things

  
 
 

pared ten for the examination. One tained in

rre re The construction of this ocain will render pececsary the buflding of threo high-
girl, Sylvia Sellars,.was granted High A pecullaf accident occurred he way bridges on the same, one on each of the highways crossed drain tabs
school standing by farm work, the] Sunday as the result of an qutomobile | pricges | recommend be built of reinforced Cbement concrete. Wi Re hae oF

PASSES SENATE:
t one of McGregor’s | the form, sizes and dimensions throughout shown by the plan of higtway bridge and

 

e3.
‘or damages to lands and crops (if ) by disposalof the excavated
tlemen friends on the side-} rarm pridge where one pow exists. in The Course of the drain that will reemice: Tbe
the ‘man with the ma-| removed and for farm access bridges, where such now exist along the drain course,
lamped the girl, and | 20d whieh the construction of the drain will necessitate the renewal or enlargement of,
1 have provided in the estimate of the cost of the work, as required by the Municipal

   

 
 
  
  

 

 
  
   
      
   

 
     
  
 
 
 
 
  

    
  
     
     

  
 

 

  
     
    
    
    
 

 
 

 

brother, in Windsor; Mra. Joseph De-
hetre, Mfrs. Joseph Knapp, Mrs. Joseph

et

Making. a total OF... 2... e cbc eee creer reer ann nse $§$ 2363 00

   
  

     
  
  

charged SO per cent. against the municipal of Malde “} 2
against the lands and road’ within the atniaed atone Ea Se ant eae
1 beg further to submit to your honorable body that this drainage work be t:

       
       
        
       
      
         
        
       
       
   
     
     
       
      
    
          
         
      
  
      
     
  
  
   
        
    
  
    
 
 
   
    
       
   

spected member of the ;
hard working;. thrifty and in every way And whereas the said Council are of opinion that the atainesteor Tie atad Mase Shea

a good® citizen. The funeral took] is desirable,
lace on Wedinesdsy morning to the _ Therefore the said Municipal Council of the sald Towns rsu
mY 7 6 thé provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as rater ce Of aliens Uirerentss0

R. C. church ffor services, with inter- ist. The sald report, plans, speciNcations, assessments and estimates are hereby

  
    

 

Corporation of the Said Township of Maiden the sum of Two Thousand Three. Hund

ry s ixty-three Dollars, beine the funds neces: i nee
F. J. Voadem, principal of a Public )and may issue Debentures of the Corporation to that amount in, sume Of Wot Jess that

school at Peterboro, accompanied by | Fifty Dollars each, and payable within seven yeprs from the date of said Debentures,

 

 

 

 

Colin Quick om Friday afternoon, the} mands and roads. for injurin|
ul * tom. roads nging con:

president, Miss Ritehie, in the chair. | trolled by the Municipalliye eae corer : mteeears inerone rena ars at the rato
The attendince was very encouraging. one oer a per annum, the followin: a jal jal rates, over -above all other

In the absence of. Mrs, J: Wu Risey,’ ete neon vexean See nC aetaa ie (in the “Saino: MALINer. and. as ee i
Mrs. Charles Thomme led the devotion: | and parts of lots and rosds, and the amount Tina aot Oe eer Berea Ean ee

al part ofthe uaeettics, Mrs. Laymion, | Saint ee ad Pn DERE OC JOU respectivaly aet be divided into seven equal parts, and

t , sessed, levied and collected year,”
as Superintendent of Systematic Glv-| seven years after the Mnal passing of this by«law, during whieh the sata TA tate

ing, gave a few spilendid pointers from | have to run.

Council met in regular session. All

  

Minutes of last meeting were read
jind, on motion of Messrs. Braun and

  

 

   
 

   

Moved by Mr. Martin, soconded by
Mr. Bennett, that the following bills be

  

 

 

        
  

     
   

   
  

 
    

 
 
 
 
  
 
    
  
  
 

  
  
 
 

   
  
 

 

     
    
 
  
 
    
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
    
 
  
    
  
   
   
 

  
    
 
    
    

 

 

    
 

  
   
     
    
     
   
    
        
  

 

 

      
 

 

 

very fast in health—Ernest Marks, of
Devtroit, is visitng at John Staddon’s.
n —Mirs. Fred. Smith’s niece, Miss Wil-
ea $3, for preparing by-law .No. 664, re}son, bas returned to her home after,

; tile drain loan; Frank R. Walton,[ spending the summer with her.—
Lowis Géauvreau’s house is near com-
pletion anf will son be occupied.—
|Charles Staddon and family, of Wa-kl
erville, &re camping down at Sacks-

4th. ir said) poads
Por paying tte sum of $273.00). tr amo! assessed E

and lands of ens cipallty, and fon covering antotbat thereon fea ioven veatiome the

rate of six per Centum per annum, a special rate on the dollar, sufficient: to, produte.

the requii yearly amount therefor shall, over and above all other rates, ‘De

and collected (in the Samo manner and at the samo time as other taxes are: levied and

Bo ee eee Dine of thls By-law during! wien ie .

i ry 4 : r .
ais eventures is ee ran eta passing of this by-law during. whith the
i 8 -Law 3) published onte in every’ week for f
i weeks in The Amherstburg Echo ee published in tho Town of Ambe ore, ana
villeo—Chartes-. Chalk, of Windsor, shall come into force upon and after final passing thereof, and may Be cited’ as the

spent the wook-chd with is family,—) “1” Siaqgoet Drain By-law." NOTICE.

Sylverete and Raymond Brimner, of
Noti hereby . J

Mela viste dover Sunday with | in tho Toomht OF Kislgen’ co Monee esr ‘day of Goptermbe bere Ape i aa

ofr unele, Arthur Brimnor.—Mrs, [o'clock In the forenson, to bear and conaider. any complaint which may fie made under
Walter Munter, of St. Thomas, was [We ‘Grafh A aed SRnG' haa ited 07 SN ate pe SBS
Ae ting"\er father, John Lott, on Mon- Further notice is hereby given that anyone intending to appeal to. beve the by-law,

ay. : or any part thereof, quasbed Must not later than ten. days after the Gnsl "

thereof, serve a co in writing Spo the Clerk and pew if the Municip: oF

    
    
       
  
      
        
       
  
    
      
  
     
   
  

      
 
  
  
  
  
   

    
  

 

  
  
 
  
 
  
   

file and specifications re Collison side
road drain; F. W. Filator, $78.60, for
examining drain and attending court
Referee at © Windsor;
$10, .for insurance on
town hall—Carried.

Moved by Mr. Martin, Aeconded by
Mr. Braun, that the Collison Side Road

    

 
      
   
     

5 of Dramage

    
 

  
    
   
   
      
    
   
   
   

 

 

  
    

This High Grade
« Underwear at

4% OFF ©

er don’t heed underwear riiht now you

 

 

  
 
  
  
   
  
   
    
    
     

   

  
 
 
  

    
     

drain by-law be read a first time—} —yvs i
Carried, and by-law was read a first PGuy, of PP rp Aa Soe ee oe the Referee during tho six Weeks,
a a’) :

       
    
   
  
   
 
    

 

time. her sister g (
Moved by Mi Bennatt, seconded B71 "A totter tection vea tam the Sane ‘ Clerk of the aan 3

Me Brat tee als Jor Tap teceed at earn manere eens By ain pen |e SAF ETY FIRST? ~

   
  
   

 
 

 

  
     
      

  
   

 

   
   

  
    
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
     
   

   
   
  
 
  
 
 

 
   
     
  
 
 

   

   
 
 

 

 
 
 

   
       

 

  
 

; 1 colors except particular about tho clothes they wear.
black are resented. ~ weaves are dependable and the patterns are will ator on : but later on the rices MAY poe
aa ’ ‘ iby iret mathe. 2S we leis every Fat Age eye overlook. cope reading of the by-Imw with the recvel nig 5 ia she Suites call-was . .
A 750 Sait 14 off, costs you.. 5.63 : ‘ook over our etock of underwearand tecthe }in the chair.—Garried. By-law as als secret 1 flyin; ans s é
A $00 Suit 14 off costs you.. 600 A 3.00 Suit 1-4 off costa you.. 225 wonderful savings that aro presented : read a second. time and provistonaly } ter, very ee ee ig to the let- Have you evér thought of this in regard to the sanitary eonditionn wad. j
_ A 860 Sait a costs you.. 638 A 3.50 Suit e = pach ya, anf Ks'1100 soit 14 of conmigon..$ 75 adopted and ordered to be published | parents that he ope ie Hebe gat by ie. plumbing in yout HOMB? : Ee. cone se
“10.00, Bult 14 of conte ou. 750 A 150 Sult 1-4 off costs you. 238 A 160 Suit 14 off costs you.. 1.13 in thie AmhereiRER meng Ee rey Sc marly: poner Veacher on Polee and | wnacninerune rE fixe ing carticalin \ts. train. muah h that will
Tie Catt 4 off costs you.. 1126 A 6,00 Suit 1-4 off costs you.. 376 x zen Bait 14 on costs “ats jas Moved ‘by Mr. Draun, seconded by loess ie 7ounE man here are}: any, Faces® your eel es %
arent Suit 1-4 off costs you.. ee . a Sat eas, zeus a ee eat Goh ae re 206 | Mtr. ee that the Sona ater The Woodburn flour saills at Glon- | teed, and our 2 ee iG K. Our matorial and work are guar 2.
R 32.00 14 off. you.. a va | a ment by-law No, (O™o rea: a Glen- pricea a reasonable. ; : : oe
4 rh 190 Sait 14 Of coats you. 16.00 A’ 750 Suit 14 off costs you.. 6.63 3 408: ait LATOR Gps ORT a0 thne< Carried: Ey ger to Do not pass through another cold winter without a Modern Heating
A 2000 Salt TH off costs you.- 1680 A 600 Sult 14 off coats you. 80 3 you. . thine Carrion Satin, aoconded by | ne, Geneon gs, Papen erating Pat. . FOS, MII Baa ae nei estes fies, fe ae ae ON ee
23 ; Mr. Benhett, that the first reading of ‘ 3 se 4 : : ae t
the by-law be adopted as read,—Car- } j ©

 

  
  
  
 
   
  

Fancy Summer Suits
- for Youngsters.

A $ 2.00 Suit 14 off costs you. .$ 1.50
A 250 Sult 14 off costs you... 1.88
A 3.00 Suit 14 off costs you.. 226
A. 3.50 Suit 14 off costs you-. 2.63
A 4.00 Suit % off costs you.. 3.00
A 3.76

    
  
    
   

    
     
   

  
    
 

    
   
  
 
  

ried. . 6

Moved by Mr. Braun, soconded by
Mr. Bennett, that the,connell go into
committee of the whole for the second
reading of the byJaw with tho reove
in the chair.—Carried. By-law was read

A ay ~ Friday, :
Niour, NOM. Senge fe
per

tye ca

 

   
  

Handréds of the finest shirts

laid eyes on and ti
ait oatered <i Ly suiaiget
SAVINGS, Soft
abirts
4 lore tn

you
cult
- o with collars

    

 

  
   
   
   

 

out collars.

  
  

 

6 6 86-6 6 0's % 6.

   
   
      
   
 
  
     
  
 
 
  
 
      
   

 
 
  

Everything Points to Higher Prices on all Cotton Goods :

‘Through the steadily increasing cost of materials and difficulties in ddiveries of goods, through the

’ ghortage and enormous cost of labor, embargoes on railways, shortage of cot Crop, and steadily increasing

high prices and demand for same on the mills for‘ cotton -cloth of. all kinds, 24 the increasing demand

through the general prosperity of all classes of labor, and the last but most jmportant factor is the UNITED

STATHS GOVERNMENT coming into the market for enormous quale of Cotton, both raw. and manu-
factured.: ;

  

ree 4
iy Ca

W. R. BOYCE @ GO.,

 

‘

. THE ECHO IS

Hammock Week

t° HARROW. t
“Ehaaioc® Weather

Parby’s
LB aS wt the week-end In
Just to show you that our heart is in
the right place, we will give for one
weeks’ time, ending Saturday night _

town.
August 18th, oi)

Fred. Baltzer, of Ford, spent Mon-

4 Reece sondition remains
the price of any, of our beautiful
line of

~ Hammocks and Veranda Swinging Seats

Miss Eunice Quiek spent the week-
end in town.
Harold Halstead j5 Visiting at Stan-
If you miss ‘this it will not be our fault. . The » opportunity
is yours. K="PLEASE REMEMBER this offer holds good
only till closing time, SATURDAY NIGHT, August 18th.

ley Halstead’s.
Leave you? ‘kodak films at Darby’s
Look them over! The’re fine, and the reduction
enables everybody to get a first-class article at less

to be develo’
than the usual pac of cheap ze.

 

    

     
       
  

   
  
  

da

     
   
  
  
  
 
      
   
   
  
  

GELL BLOOK

   
  
   
     
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
    
  
       
  
   
    

   
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
  
 
   
 
  
   

ery.”
Mr. .Miner, of Michigan, is visiting: at

at John Meintyre's.
Mias Elia Cornwall, of Detroit, is

visiting at her home in town.
Miss Adn Shaw, of Wallaceburg, has
been visiting at C. F, Smith’s.

Charles Floche and family, of De-
trolt, spent Sunday in tho village.

Misses Alma and Laverne Quick
spent the week-end at their home here.

Mr, and Mrs, Edmund Rho and
children are visiting at John Wilson's.

Dr. Robert Fostor and son, of De-
troit, spont Sunday. at David Foster's.

,Get Darby’s Paris greon. It does
the work without damage to the plant.

Miss Emma Munger, of Walkerville,
is spending her vacation at her home
here:

Mr. and Mrs. Mahlon Thrasher, of
Windsor, spent Sunday and Monday in
town.

Misses Eno and Hazel Kile are vis-
iting at their grandmother's, Mrs. Jas.
Martin’s.

Mrs. BE. J. Rae, son and datighter, of
Ashtabula, Ohio, are visitng at John}:
Wilson’s..
Misses. Vera Munger and Marjorie
Halstead spent the week-end at A. T.
Munger’s.

Mra. Gauthier and Mrs. Cadmore, of
Detrott, are spending a few days with
Mrs. T, Shay,

Rev.-J. S;Leckie, of Leamington,
will again occupy the Baptist pulpits,
next. Sanday,

Miss Norma Best has returned to
the city after spending two weeks with
friends here. .

Merton McCormick and Miss Web-
ster, of Windsor, visited over Sunday
at George McCormick's.

Mr. and Mrs, Norris Smith, of Wind-
sor, spent © few days last week with
friends and relatives here. ~~

Mr, and Mra, Dem. Baltzer and. chil;
dren, of Guelph, arg visiting with
relatives and friends here.

Misses V@rna. and Carman Husser
spent Inst ‘Sinday at home, the former
renmiaining for a week's holidays.

Quite & bunch of young people from
here took im the moonlight excuralon,
Monday night, at Amherstburg.

Allan C. Quick, wife and two little
girls motored from Courtright and
spent the week-end at John Wilson's:
H. McDonald & Son sold Ovoriand
cars during the past week to Gordon
Hutclilag, of Malden, and Wm. White,

of Fadtette.
r. and rs. Bd. Forriss and},
daughters, of Nyaikertille, spent Sun-/,, The council
day and: Monday with Mr. and Mrs.|
A. R. Ferriss.
Carman Husser, ot Windsor, visited
over Suafay at his home in town. Miss
Verna Huager js spending her vacation
with her Parents.
Don't forget to bring your old pa-
Dore, MAZASinos, ote,, to the rooms of
Patriotic Society. Every ttle helps
with the P@triotic Fund.

S, Bayes lost his:driver this wook.

After Mr. Bayes invested in ‘an anto-

‘| passed away on

    
   
   
 
    
 

paralysis. when

from weakness.

Rev. J. S.

   
   
    
    
  
      
    
   
     
   
  
  

Surviving him

their trouble.

 

 
   
 

    

this wook.

  
     
   
 
    
 

   
   

in Detroit.
Medicine Hat.

 

   
 
     
   
 

at H. J. Boll's.
Friday at John

 

   
  

Have. you “decided to call for that FLORENCE

AUTOMATIC OIL STOVE: yet.’. They are life-savers.
Our guarantee on these is absolute without any, strings to it.
| You get your money back if not more than satisfied.

CAN -YOU_BEAT IT?

Miss Fannio

    
   
  

  

  
 
 
   

   
  
 

weetratre | -) ar

 

  

 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 

her aunt; Mrs.
Rev. J. W.

 

(oe ol ae

G. RICHARDSON & SON

GENERAL ‘HARDWARE.
, HARROW

Oak ¢ or - Mahoghany Clocks
Mantel, Glock, Oa oF Mahoghany $10,00

= Fumed Oak, Mantel or Hall Clocks, $8.00
Sagan from m $1.2 25 to $35.00

A, G. TAYLOR 7 "tres
“ ate Hanford’s Balsam of Myrrh. “|mobile, the aaimal togt heart and des
spotidency fed to flinbss that caused

se that you may know its Virtue. It isa guar-|iits death.”
A, Asia is bestoged with offers’ to
buy bis Sake front property. . During
a past week he received a tompting:
offer for the hamo ho built for himsolf
and 18 considering ft.

Sorvicss in the Mothodiat charch as
usual next Sunday. 10)a,m. Sunday
School and BybJo classes. 12 a.m. sub-
ject: “The Lesson of the-ist Psalm";
7.80 p.m: “The Yoke of Christ.” Short
services during the hot woathor,.

Realdents are beginning to
ReFvoUs OVE the coal situation, which
1s “in Worse shapo now than it was
last winter. Mr. Forriss dajly hopes
,jfor better chnditions, so that evpry-|
one: may D6 able to lay im 9. suppiy,
Rape hep weather.” ae

f e Titers are beginning to gr“
aaa ance {id cause 8 great deal of toawnbht
wall v Lahey on the side-/'1 1-3 °

and there,
who uso the! again thy magi HionG,

Kingaville.
Mrg. Homer

 
 
    
   
  
  

 

 

 
  
 
   
  

 
  
  

Detroit,

 

 
 
   
    
 
 

  
  
  
 
   
  
   
    
   
   
  
     
   
 

 

 
    
   

sight.

     
 

 

school moneys

   
 

  
 
   
   
    
  
 
 
     
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
 
  

day next.

     
   
   
 

Test it at our expen
anteed external remedy. for the human system as well

as for domestic animals.
eS,

Oak Tanned Harness: made to your
order and an extra good line of Rain
Coats; Nets, Dusters and Trunks at

the old prices.

school. *

    
    
 
  
  
  
 

Royal Purple Specifics and Calf Meal

—_—— '

"Pratt's Remedies and Chick Food

_—

Auto’ Top! ‘and Body Dyeing. eo

CHAS. WEBSTER.

Wright)

Saturday.
Rain

    
    
     
   

HARROW

missed us.

OW NC. TO THE CONTINUED ‘COLD WEATHER
WE ARE OFFERING IN ALL SUMMER GOODS VALUES THAT CONNOT BE DUPLICATED AGAIN AT THE PRI

FHE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OCOLOHESTER SOUTH.

For the Birthday

tebe A most attractive line of Birthday’ ‘Post
Cards—2o, 3c. So.

Artistic Bookleta, be. 7%
Also Booka for Birthdey Giving.

THE SENTINEL STORE

EEO
saved her from drowning. She sus-
tained severe injuries, to her head,
but. yesterday regnined ¢onsclousnesa,
ani there {s same hope of her recov-

Mahlon, son of Mrs. Eli

18th year of his age.
cripple ever since an attack of spinal

and of Inte years suffered a great deal

blessed relief from 8 life_of great suf-
fering. The*funeral was held on Mon-
day afternoon to ‘the Baptist church,

where. services were
Leckie, followed by inter-

mont in the Baptist burying ground,

brothers and two sistérs, who wish to
extend their thanks to those who were
of such great assistance and perform-
ed so many acts of kindness during

ERE PEED ELE EEE EEE TT Fe

¢ COLCHESTER SOUTH ¢
eb ee bebe tb ete be

Mac Halstead lost one of his horses
Miss Lottie Little spent a few~ days)
Mrs. Fred, Clark loft on Tueaday for
David Asher, of Chicago, is visiting
Mack Lockwood, of ‘Buffalo, spent

Stanley Bailey is suffering with an
attack of appendicitis.

the guest of Mrs. Jolin Birch. ‘
Edgar Iler, of Detroft, is visiting his
brother and other friends at Oxley.
Misg, Millle Geauvreau, of Zion, is
visitiig her cousin, Fern Mortimore,
David Cheyne and Mr, McPhail and
family spent Monday at Thos. Craig's.
‘Miss Loraine Piper has been visiting

daughter Maude are ‘holidaying

ip spénding & week-with her mother,
Mrs. B. Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. Clifford Lockwood, of
Walkerville, wero Bucats at Ivan Bon-
dy’s, on Monday.
Theodore Mooro and alater Sadie, of
are visiting - their
Mra, O. Clingman. ‘
Mrs. O. ©. Smith and two Children,
of Walkerville; Miss Lucille Kent and
brother Charles, of Missouri! aro tent-
{ng on the Oxley bank’for two wocks.

000.for tile drain loans,.and is apply-
ing to the Government for’ another
loan, as there is so much tiling in

‘Secretaries of school boards are re-
questéd to, get their requisitions for

Township Clerk.
C, D. Babb, of Homer, Il, owner of
tho greater part of Marshfield, is here
this :weok superintending
‘operations and other ork on his ex-
tonsive holdings.
Oxley church servees ns usual Sun-
Public servico at 8 o'glock.

    
  
    
 
  
  
   

Everyboly welcome,
sell ice cream Saturday evening, the
proceeds to bo given to the Sunday

George McLean and family, William.
Afflock and family, Mr. and Mrs. J. 8,
r. and Mrs,
and family and Miss Mory!t Flood pick-
nicked on tho bank at Lovers! Lane,

is needed here very badly..The
showers which did»so much good in
|Aniherstburg and’ Kingavillo entirely

While the-
agreeable for harvest condh
p83) would certainly put ‘the’corn and‘other’
crops in bright shape.

At its regular meeting ‘Monday th
{council struck the following rates for
ithe: year: County ty, rate, 3% mills;
Tete, 2% * ‘

; debontdre
io éxercised | Police Village rate, 2 mills
factory” (nat Lhe is mae rail. eat

 

| Don’t Miss This Opportunity :

Call at our store TO-DAY and see the many money-saving values we are offering You. ANTICIPATH ; your

requirements for at least the balance of the season. It is through our giving you the advantage of goods -
bought at the Lower Prices, which when exhausted can be replaced only at greatly increased prices.

HARRO
KODA

—_—_——

     

34c. cash

EGGS 35c. trade

 
   

 
  
    
   
   
   
   

Mr. and Mra. C. W. Richardson and
Master Kari, Walkerville, left Wednes-
day morning to spend about two months
in the Northwest, owing to the ill
health of Master Karl. During their
absence their residence will be occu-
pled by Mr. and Mts. George Wright,
who returned on Friday from New-
foundland, where th*y spent three
months with Mr. Wright's relatives.

The following recipe for vegetable
Marrow, asked for by a subscriber
Jast week, has been sent.in by L, B.:
“Cut off rind, take out seeds; quarter
it, then put in pot of boiling water
‘with ta#blespoonful of galt. Boll ten
minutes or until tender. “To be served
with butter sauce or mashed with
butter, pepper and salt. When it gets
old can bake in oven like any other
squash.”

Wheat «threshing is now In full
swing. The average: turnout is 30
bushels per ccre, though some claim
to have reached 36 bushels per acre.
The price, $2.10 to $2.25, is tempting
Many to sell at once, The crop ‘at
Marshfield, which was an excellent
one, has all been housed, and ont’ cut-
ting has commenced. Threshing will
not begin until. the rest of the harvest
has been completed.

Mrs. Ross Martin ond Mrs. William
White were hostesses at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Richardsin,
Tuesday afternoon, at a miscoellane-
ous shower given for Mrs. Carey
Drummond, a recent bride. About
fifty Indies of the community were
present, and the bride was showered
bountifully with silverware and other
handsome gifts. The afternoon was
enjoyably spent and closed with a
bounteous supper.

J. J. Newman, C.E., has filed his re-
port on the Hughson drain with J. H.
Madill, township clerk. He commenc
ed his survey of this drain at the Cou-
ter Sideroad drain, 6th concession, and
followed the course of the present
small ditch to the 16 and 17 sideronad.
The north branch was surveyed from
the north townline road and followed
the line between loty 14 and 15’ south
to the main drain, and found that the
area {g at present very inadequately
drained, Mr. Newman recommends a
drain with branches to cost together
with all incidental expenses $2,180. Of
this amount he has agsessed the Jands
benefitted with $2,116,.and the town-
ship for roads $25, for bridge $40. A
by-law will be prepared and the work
be undertaken this senson.

Prank Geauyrenou’s young son, whd'

it. was. feared svould not survive. the
effects of terrible injuries to his head
from ahorse’s kick, is making a splen-
did recovery. While a considerable
portion’of the skull on the right sido
of his head had to be removed,-the
wound js healing over nicely, and
thought weak, the Ind bids fair to be-
come as strong as ever, though his left
aldo is. partly paralyzed from the iny
jury to his brain. Recollections of how
he waa hurt came to bim and he tells
that he was. taking some grass into a
colt when the animal became frighten-
ed, struck ot him with ‘its front feet,
trampling him under foot, and that {sp
tho last hé remembers until he regain.
ed partial conscflousness after the
operation. It wasya tlose call.
A lifelong resident of this township
passed dway Friday at the home of her
brother Jacob, in the person.pf Miss }j
Julia Snider,*in the 80th, year of her
age. Deceased was a daughtor.of the
late John*Snider and iis wife, a Miss
Fox, and they lived in tho Mer Settle-
mént for/neitly seventy years. Of the
family omly’ two are living, -| Jacob,
mentioned era and Willinm, of
Harrow. Miss Snider continued to
live at Oxley for some years after the
denth of her parents, then moved to
Kingsville, where she remained until
five years ago, since which time, she
spent her days with her brothers, ale"
ternately. The funeral took place
Saturday afternoon to the Baptist
church, Mer Settlement, for services,
and interment was in the cemotery
thore, the pallbearers boing Alexander
Affleck, Duncan” Ferriss, John. and
William Ford, James Murray and’ Geo;
McLean.

COLCHESTER NORTH. ©

 

   
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
 

    
  
     
  

 
 
 
 
  

You can hardly get along without a Kodak during the summer months.

HARROW Once you use one for a little while,yon will wonder how you got along with=:

‘out it. You find snapshots of interest to take most every day.
We have Kodaks at most any price you like from $1,25 up.

We develop your films at roc each and giye prints at 3¢ each.
Now get a Kodak. They are just what you want.

 

           
    
 

 

    
   
    
 

   

 
  

McLean,
Saturday night, in the
He had been a

  
   
  
  
   
    
  
    

  
  
  
  
  

he was 2 more child,

E. E, DARBY. ‘HARROW.

DRUGGIST ' oprictaN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC

     

His death was a

   
  
 
  
  
  
    
 

conducted by

 

Pork. ‘and Beans ,

Pork and Beans are fine for Camp, Pic-Nic and Family Table.
Chateau Brand Baked sai with Toma‘) Sauce.
Chateau Brand Baked Beans; Plain. § ? :
Pork and Beans with Chili Sauce.- a s
Vegetarian Baked Beans. : 4

-_ These articles are excellent food stuffs—Enjoyed by all the family.: s

 
   
    
     
   
   
   
   
  
  
      
   
  
   
  
   
   
     
    
    
   
 
  
   
  
  
    
  

are his mother, three

 

   
 

 

      
   

    
    
   
    
   
  
    

   
   
   
  

 
  
 
  
   

   
   

     
   
   
    
  

F. H. FERRIS -

Pepe + eee ee sewer aa

Special Notice

   
  
   
   
     
 
    

“Home of Good Eats” W.T.B.
: HARROW Phone & _

   

  
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
    

 

     
 
  

Fox's.

+

 

 
    

       
  
    
 
 
  
  
  

   
  

Richard, of Detroit, 15

 

 

   
  
 

Have decided to close out.my Tailoring fiteineks int

Harrow, on ‘August 3fst. Am leaving for Toronto aa
‘will offer reduced prices. A genuinesClothing Sale.

Anyone wishing a Suit at Honest Barge Paces:
come quick.

WM, BROOKLAND

: HARROW, ONT.
N.B.--Goods-by the yard.

  
  

B. Batdlow,. of Detroit.

and, Mts; . Connor. “
D

 
 
   
 
   
  
 

Jones,, ot Flint, Mich.,

  
   
    
     
  
  

 
   
        
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
    
 
 
  
   
    
  
 

mother,

 

  

   
   

has taken up the $10,-

peeeeny rer erner en fe enrrlguerererrrrrss)

    
   
 
    
  
 
  
  
 
  

     
  
    
   

  
    
   
  
   

invat once. J. H. Madill,

OD WUE TO- YOUR HOME,

Lay Hardwood Floors in Your Living Room,
. Dining Room and Bed ‘Rooms.

Spend a few dollars doing thle and
you will add at least $500 to the value
2 of the: House.

Come and. Inspect our Samples.

Pik

harvesting

  
    
 
   
    
  

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
  

The Jadies will

   
  

    
 
   
 
 

   

 

 
   

 

‘Thomas Craig

  

 

        
        
 
    
    
     

 
   

 
   
  

ther is
ms, rain

 

  

‘ Elford. Paes ‘
Miss Ann Stewart ‘visited her moth- 76 ,

© | tard fo lulting at hor parental home| rank
bala ha nthe Sara ‘You'll be living
«(¢ on the Verandah

- nearly all the

‘while pretty & soon

 

  
  
  

  
 
 

war tax,

rate, 1 mill
Canning

ford.—Mise Winnie Browh,
‘sor, has béon visitng at Isaac Turend"
—Miss Clar Walton. is Visiting tn’
.|Windsor,—The Misses Murray and
‘WMrw.|'Reld, who have heen visting at Mr,
mot De: Walton’s,. iave® returned: to” their,
jhomes in. Windsor.—Mers, Wm, Trim-|
-| dle aed ltaten tee , who hhvé bean’
bapa Yo alster, Price Tk

isve returned to their) s
‘

-people of one of the

Inthe handsof horse.

men, veterinarians

acd pee for 3S.

it proved

it iy iis worth in hundreds
Of thousands of cases,

)
RY Sr. Feerore, Dec éth, 15

Wil you please mail to my address a copy of
your 7rrstus os the Horze. have beem wsizy

valzable remedies for scare time, and fi
dafeand reliable.
JOSEPH L. BATZINGER.

Slo bottic—4 for $5. at druggists—cr write fer
copy or ocr book “Treatise om the Horse™ free.
Dr. B. J. KENDALL COMPANY

Enosbarg Falls, Vermont, US_A. 12
Dera mena
THE EcHo

> Published by =
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont |

A W. MARSH,
J. AAULO. MARSH |

Friday, August 10, 1917.

Hon. Andrew Broder. reteran Con-
servative member for Dundas county.
has resigned. owing 10 continued 42
health.

“The majority of people eat too
much, anyway,” said Miss Edd‘c, pro-
fessor of, Household Science 4t
Manitoba Agricultural College, when
distussing the Canadian Food Control-|
Jer’s suggestion that hotels and res-|
taurants institute two meatless days
per week. “And limiting hote! menus

to two or thtee courses ts ne idea.”
ee ieee area

The Military Service Bill on second |
reading in the-Senate, was passed on |
Saturday morning at 120 o'clock by a
majority of 29. The vote stood: for,
S4; against, 25. There were two
votes, the first being on the amend-
ment of Senator Bostotk thet there
should be an election-before the en-|
forcement of the measure. This was
defeated by a majority of ten. The
majority on’ the main motion was un-
expectedly large, elght Liberals,’ in-
cluding the party leader, Senator Bos-
tick, voting wi e Government.

THE DOMINION GOVERNMENT

 

 

Takes Over Canadian Northern Rail-
i way.

Public ownership of Canadian rail |
Ways has set in © the acquisition
by the crown as representative of the |
minfon’s three |
framscontinental roads. the Canadian |
Northern |

The syetem inciudes 9.512 miles of

railway. 20 companies operated by the |

C N. R as subsi five

elevators, one of them

ary concerns,
at

the world, a lime of steamsi

great lakes and the C. N. R and G. N.|
later |

which for a |
the Canadian | Picked up after eleven

W. telegraph companies
with 1500 branch offi
generation has furni

me

} ine.

Fort Wil-|
linm, said to be the largest elevator in| : =
ps on the | 1 went to him, and held hinfup until

The Federal Shipbuilding Board at
Washington, D. C., has telegraphed or-
ders to over a score of the country’s
Jargest ship yards requisitioning all
ships of 2,500.dead weight tonnage or
more now building. Management of
the yards will be in the hands of the
present owners, but under government

direction.

About 675 ships are affected by the
Government's order. Their aggregate
tonnage is more than 1,500,000. = In-
cluded are many English Norwegian
and other vessels on foreign account.

The ship yards and owners of - the
vessels will receive compensation for
the construction work on them so far.
The Government will take over. the
contracts and expedite completion of
the ships in order to make room for
more emergency vessels to overcome
submarine losses.

In a short time scores of new ships
will be added to America’s merchant
marine by the requisitioning order.
Some of the ships seized are more
than 66 per cent. finished

=

THIRTY-EIGHT MEN
ARE DELIBERATELY
DROWNED BY ENEMY

Placed on Top of Submarine, Stripped

‘of Lifebelts, Their Boats Smashed

With_ Axes; Then. After Two

Hours’ Ride, U-Boat Dives, Leav-
ing Them to Mercy of Waves.

A British Port, August 3rd.—Thirty-
eight members of the crew of. the
steamship Belgian Prince were drewr-
ed ina mest deliberate manner by
the German submarine which sank
her. according to_the account given by
survivors of that British vessel who
have reached British shor Tne chief
engineer of the sleamer, who many
times after the steamer was torpedoed
was perilonsiy near drowning, gave
the following narrative of his exper-
jences:

“About § o'clock on Tuesday evén-
ing, when we were 2060 miles off land,

11 saw the wake of an approaching-tor-
|} pedo.

The vessel gave a lurch as she
was hit, and.] was thrown fo the deck
among the debris. The vesse) listed
heavily, and all of us took to the boats.
Stowed on Top of Sub.

“The submarine approached_; and
shelled the vessel, and then ordered
t small boats alongside the submar-

The skipper was summoned, and
taken inside. The others. were mus

} tered on the deck of the submarine

“The Germans removed the life
alts 2fid the outer clothing of all ex-
cept eight of us, smashed the lifeboats
with axes, and then re-entered
marine and‘closed the hatches, leaving
us on deck. The submarine went about
two miles and then submerged.
Boy Dies in His Arms.
“I had -@ lifebelt. Nearime was an
apprentice boy of 15.shouting for help:

midnight, but he became unconscious
and died of exposure. At daylight I
saw the Belgian Prince afloat as

end of the Western Union Telegraph | Water by a patrol boat.”

compenjes. |

The second engineer, who also was

A. L. Sanley left on Monday for To-
ronto to take his position in the head
office of the Imperial Bank. His fath-
er accompanied him to spend a few
days in the city.

Miss Mildred Golden. daughter of A.
J. Golden, of. Gosfield South, returned

to her home on Saturday from Harper
hospital. Detroit, where she under-

went a successful operation for appen-
dicitis.

COMBER.

At the age of 31 years and 11 months
the death took place early Friday
|

morning at Chathnm of Mrs. Annie
Gertrude Goatbe, Comber, in the Public
General hospital. The late Mrs. Goat-
be was the daughter of Robert Travis
and was born in Brantford. She had
been ailing for the past three weeks.
The remains were taken to Comber
on Friday for interment here.

Cadet J. H. Pearson, son of Alfred
Pearson. one of the most highly re-
spected retired farmers in this ‘vil-
lage, was killed in an airplane smash
at Camp Borden, Tuesday. Cadet
Pearson belonged to the Royal Flying
Corps. The remains were brought to
his home. here and the funeral took
place yesterday (Thursday) afternoon.
Cadet Archibald, of Victoria, B.C.
who also was in the accident, sugtain-
ed a fractured left leg. He was unable
to give any connected account of how
the accident happened.

Inspector D.° A’ Maxwell has de
manded the reorganization of. the
Comber school and the appointment
of a vigorousprincipat. Ow of 20
pupils who tried the Entrance only two
passed. Another school in which there
were four teachers last year he threat-
éned to prosecute if increased accom-
modation and an additional teacher
were not provided. Another school
which had two teachers per year for
three or four years, bas been ordered
to mend its ways, to build a new
schoolhouse and pay a salary large
enoogh to keep a qualified teacher of
first or second grade.

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Cottam.

Mr. ind Mrs. J. J. Vance and daugh-
{ter Laura left last weék for North
| Gower, Carleton county, in response
|to a message that Mrs. Vance's muth-
er, Mrs. Nesbitt, had died that day.—
Charlés “Murray and wife, of Detroit,
isited at James Haggins’ on Sunday.
Mrs. Ernest. Mills, of Chicago, dangh-
of Wm Haggins, of Pelee Island,

0 ent Sunday at James Haggins’.
Frank = has sold his 25acre
farm below Cottam, on.Talbot street,
to, Win, Martinson; of! Northwood; who
i on the ist of November.
Mr. Martin-

ron H. L4 will

move to his mé with is parents
in ember.” Mr. Smery and family
{Will move to Essex to reside —John
Mossop was the victim of an accident
on Monday, that’ came near provirg
very serious. He ‘was driving Wes.
McClelland’s peddling wagon along
the 10th con. road, and was trying to
adjust the bolt in the\doubletree when

The people are to acquire ownership | 4 Survivor, succeeded in reaching the | he fell In front of the wagon and be-
of these assets by the purchase of the | Belgian Prince before she blew up.

$60.000,000 outstanding stock of the
company, the Government having pre-

Hé was“in hid-

tween the wheels. The horses started

j The Germans came on board and loot- | up and the rig passed over him, though
red her, he reported.

forjunately not the wheels of the rig.

viously acquired a minority. interést jing, but finally jumped into thé sea,| The oil box at the rear of the wagon

of $46,000,000 of stock on thé occasion

H
of 3 previous loan...On the face of it |

| and kept’afloat on the wreckage.

The only other known survivor {s

it sounds like a great bargain for the; too fll in a hospital to teli his story.

people,‘and would be if it were not for
the tremendous liability of the com-

pany, which unfortunateis Js also to be |

cquired in thé purchase.

Sr

LEAMINGTON.

Mrap J.-A. Macgregor and *ijittle

was so Jaw, hbwever, that he’ was
ragged ‘several feet before) being
freed. He was picked up in an un-
conscious condition and taken home.
No bones.were broken; but he was se
verely bruised’ about the body, and
suffered a concussion of the brain. He

The price to be paid for the $60,000.- | daughter Marion, who have been vis-| ¥25 1m a serious condition’ fr a few

000 stock Is to be fixed by arbitratore |

According to the commissioners who!and Mrs. F. Mettam.

| month,

recently investigated the condition of
the raflways of Can‘da. the stock of

itmg the former's parents here, Mr.

for the past
have returned to. their home
accompanied. by. the

jin Chicago,

days, but is now getting all right
again.—W. H. Noble, who was recently
appointed’a ~J_P., has been §uite busy
lately hearing charges aga‘nst auto-

the Canadian Northern js of little or| former's sister, Miss Mabel Mettam. | !5t8 for exceeding the speed limit in
Mrs. J. T. Ferguson and daughter | £9ms through the Cottam jimits. The

no value, but the owners maintain

commissioners, overlooked some land | Jéan, left Wedmésday morning to vis-
+ asséts.

In any case the indebtedness
will increase the national debt of Can-
ada by 50 per cent,

To Sir William MacKenzie, the col-
lapse of the C, N. R- spells at least:
postponement of his dream‘ of world
power. A few years ago it seemed
as though Sir William wes to become
one of the richest men.in the world.
Ho remains a multi-millionaire,. but
as multi-millionaires go, his fortune is
fromen on a narrow scale. =

For the present the Grand Trunk
is being nursed) along with a further
subsidy, but it will also likely fall. into
the Government lap before long.

PELEE ISLAND.

The month of July endéd with one
© fthe mottest days on record in sev-
eral‘years. Work was suspended for
acouple of hours byanumber of our
farmers, mechanics, etc, during the
afternoon.

A “shower” party was held atthe |

residence of Mr. and Mrs. James
Piper, on Tuesday, July 31st, in hnoor
of the approaching marriage of their
ganabier. An enjoyable time is re-

Wheat harvest fs ir full swing
‘The present acreage has. never been
_surpassed in Pelee Island, and it is
doubtful whether it J
equalled. Help is very difficult ‘to
secure, and some folks have been ask-
ing “Where are those folks who were
to have been sent. fromthe cities to
help the farmers?” :

@ new municipal building, de-
®igned for the accommodation of: a
doctor*and for telephone central and
other offices, is progressing favorably
under the well-known efficient direc-
tion of our friend, Mr. Corlett, of
Leamington. -From all accounts it ia
ng to b6 “a thing of beauty” and,
hope, of. efficiency in_like propor-
As for workmanslip* thereon,

I that to A. S.C. Enogh said.
A correctpondent from Pelee sends
) following:—“It is understood that
a T. Harris, who has been purser

m the ae Pelee since her first

irr ds now Bevering active connec-
iio Tne oe Bak. We are
jot on ven to blarney,’ but
re firm believ:

when whan praise or credit.

For accommodation and all

efficiency insofar as dealings
the travelling public and ship;
med, the management w!

y finding a: succéssor. possess:

like proportion the same cim-

not the least of his quali-
to which many of us for
has
over "

jit relatives at Peterboro and Nor-
wood, and were accompanied by the
former's mother, Mrs. Calder, who
will’ visit Peterboro, her old home.
Mrs. John Orton and granddaugh-
ter, Miss Hazel A. White, 5th con,
Mersea. left last week to visit
former's son, T. S. Orton, at Pangham,
Sask. Mrs. Orton. though advanced

in age, stood the journey well and ar-

rived safely at her destination.
Soneone visited Pat Falconbridge's

Coiborne Vance}*and the fine in each
cit6@ was $10 and costr. “S. P: Green
was convicted for travelling wita but
one number. Dr- Les, of ciagsvitie,
charged‘ with exceeding the Hit,
but was let go on proving thn: he was

| cororne vs were laid by Constable

the ] 92)an urgent call. R.A Cauningnam,

Burns & O'Neil.and Wallace Campbell,
of Windsor, were all convicted of
speeding.< Three cases were down for
hearing® on Wednesday, the. victims
being C. J. Near, Henry Antul!iiia and

has ever been-

1 ers In the practice—too:
‘ for obituary notices in
giving praise where)

heh house.recently and swiped four-|the Studebaker” Corporation. _Fér
teen fine purebred Rhode Island Red} Tursday seven cases were to be
chicks. It’s a safe bet if. the thief] 2¢eard. the offenders boing, Albert Cur-
cin be located he will be lodged in a | 4h. Carl Fulmer, C. A. Ripley, Eugene
safer place than Sandwich gaol. Girard and J., Millinoss., of Windsor,

Alfred- Gulliver, 8th com; Mersea, | 99d Garve R. Mills and Wm. Settering-
appeared Before P. M. Selkirk one] ‘7°. Mr.' Near’s case was dismissed
dayalast week on the charge of hay-|the defendant proving that lic was at
ing liquor in other than his private home at thd hour, 7 a.m., that the com-
residence, contrary*to sections] of the plainant charged he was speeding
Ontario Temperance Act. The charge | ‘/£0ush Cotam. :
was preferred by Inspector Stone. Mr. A yery sad death occurred at the
Gulliver contended that he did not] 20me of Mrs George McMahon, of the

know the liquor was on his premises, Rear. Road, Gosfield North, on Wed-
but this was not taken into consider-|"¢8day. August Ist, when her sister,
ation and he was fined $200 and costs. | Mary Ann Gordon, passed away after
Charles S. Watson, representing the | 2 !0ng and painful illness. Deceased
Government in the matter of greater | 20 was in the 75th year of her age,
food production, was here Wednesday | YS born in Manvers township, coun-
of last week, and elivered to Rey.|‘Y of Durham, and .was the second
L. W. Hill. pastor of the Methodist | 4#ughter of Richard and Mary A. Gor-
church, fifteen medals for the Meth-} 400. Her parents removed from Dur-
odist boys who have served two] 4am county in 1879, residing in Essex
months on farms, The medals -vere | COUnty until their death, which occur-
presented to the boys at-the annual | Ted respectively in 1888 and 1893. De-
Methodist Sunday school picnic Fri-] Ceased was a member of Belle River
day afternoon. Methodist “church for a number of
“After being a victim of pernicious} ¥¢4Fs. being a regular-attendant until
ancemia for the past three years, |‘lling health prevented her from so
Reginald C. Williams passed away at|40ing. and was known and loved
his home on Setterington street, Mon-|‘roughout Essex county as “Aunt
day afternoon of last week, in his| Mary." She is survived dy three sis-
31st year. He came from England | ‘¢™, Mrs. Margerat Fowler, of Ponty-
24 years ago and four years later lo-| P00!; Mrs. Josepli McIndoo, Leamiing-'
cated in Leamington. He was a black-| 00. and Mrs. Gordon McMahon, and
smith by trade and for some time pre-|‘¥9 brothers, James and -Robert Gor-
vious to becoming. ill; conducted busi-} 40. of Saskatchewan. One sister, the
ness for himself in a shop on Erie} ate Mrs. Urias Phillips, of Olinda, pre-
street north. He is survived by aj ‘eceasing her by one week. Faneral
widow and three_young~children, fhe services were held at he home of
eldest of wham is 11. His father, W. | Her-sister, Mre. George McMahon, on
J. Williams, and a brother, Edgar L.,| Friday, August 3rd, followed by inter-
reside in Detroit. Two other brothers, | ™¢nt in the family burial plot at Cot-
ye F. aa Recta aE reside-in Leam- | #20. % ‘ 4
ington. sister, Mrs. Andrew Smith, BWEEPS” :
resides at Royal Oak, Mich. The fan- So ENT. seks 12, TO DEATH
hte ee ae mets at deceased's | id
jate home inesday afternoon and |; a
was attended by members of the Boy Ma rr nad Safety In Bath-
Orange Order and ‘Canadian Order of <2

——___a———————

SANDWICH. —

Following an illness Po Been
‘other Iads when he entered
‘et, }He ventured: outs!

| fence

= rejpenuy expedited ;

When yoy get into a frame of mind
that makes life seem one tiresome
duty after another, with no pleasure
in it; when jil-health seems to take
all the joy out of life and you worry
over things that are really not worth
worryin abyut, then your nervous
system is tecoming exhausted, and
you are on tie way to a general break-
down in hegth. Jn this condition your
health and jappiness is worth fighting
for and gooi, rich, red blood is what
your system needs. It is a hopeless
task to try to restore your health
while your 3iood is deficient elther in
quantity or quality. And remember
that no meticine can be of any use
to you that does not build up your
weak, watery blood.

To build up the blood and strengthen
the nerves there is one remedy that
has been a household word for more
than @ generation—Dr.“ Williams’ Pink
Pills for Pale People: It is the actual
mission of these pills to make new,
Tich,*red blood. which strengthens
the nerves and tones the entire sys-
tem. They give you a nw appetite,
make sleep refreshing, put color in
the lips and cheeks, and drive away
that unnatural tired feeling that op-
preses so many people. If you want
to experience new health and happi-
ness give Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills a
fair trial

You can gé ese pills through Any
meédicine dealer or by mail at 50
cents a box. or six boxes for $2.50 from
The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-
ville, Ont. ~~

Mrs. Harry Chittick underwent a
surgical operation at Harper hospital,
Tuesday of ist week. She came
through the ordeal nicely and is rest-
ing well sonce

The.threesW., E. & L. S. Railway
passenger cars which were badly dam-
aged by fire, have been returned from
the Preston Car and Coach Co. Pres-
ton, Ont...and are in service. With
these three cars restored to service
the Company will now be in a position
to handle any and all passenger traf-
fic offered:

Tuesday of jast week, on the farm
of Ezra Malott, 3rd con, Wm. Rollo,
jr., Was assisting to unload hay when
the block attached to the hey fork
slipped, striking him on the back and
glancing to his liead,«which Was so
badly cut it required several stitches
to close the wound. He will be iaid
up for some time.

Simon Wigle, formerly of Kingsville,
passed away at he home of His son,
Inspector Mortimore S. Wigle, of the
Windsor police force, in Windsor: Fri-
day, after an illness of several months.
He was 90 years of age. Simon Wigle
was the last of a family of eleven
brothers, all of whom were born in
the vicinity, of Kingsville and whose
numerous descendants still reside
here. His father was an early settler
in the eastern states but remained
loyal to England during revolutionary
times, Granted a tract of land on
Lake Erie by the British Government,
we was one of the original United Em-
pire Loyalists, who moved frem the
United )States to escape persecution
and also to enjoy the privilege of liv-
ing under the British fing.. Mr. Wigle
usually’ spent the summer at’ his old
home but remained im‘ the city with
his son during the winter months.
Owing to illness he was unable to go
to his farm this summer. He failed
rapidly during the last few months
and his death was not unexpected.
Surviving are four fons: Dr. Hiram
Wigle, Wiarton, Ont.; Garnet Wigle,.
New York; Mortimer S: Wigle, of}
Windsor, and Arthur Wigle, who went

overseas with the-first Catindian con- |,

tingent; and two daughters, Mre. Mel-
vin Armstrong, Of Windsor, and Mrs.
John Manes, of Charlestown. The
funeral was. held Monday afternoon to
Greenhill cemetery.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Edgar Laramie ,2 well known far- |}, :

mér and horse breeder of this section,
passed away on Tuesday night of last
week. He had been ill since last De-
cember with arterial disease.” ~ The
funeral took place Thursday afternoon
with services at the house and burial
in Green Hill cemetery. Mr*Laramie
was a native of Malden and was 56
years of*age. His parents were the
late Alexander Laramie and Miss Rich.
ardson. Of the family only three are
now living: Francis E., of Amherst-
burg; Thomas, of Detroit, and Wil-
liam, who has been staying at the
home of the deceased during his ill-
ness. Mr. Laramie after Jeaving home
farmed in Anierdon township’ for
some years and was married-there to
Miss Hattle-Grondin, who survives
him together with sa family of two
sons and two daughters:—Frank,
whose farm’ adjoins the homestead;
Roy. of Gosfield South; Doris (Mrs.
Gordon Getty), of Gosfield South, and
Jenny, at home... Mr. and Mrs. Lar-
amie moved from Anderdon to Michi-
gan, but returned from there twenty-
five years ago, and have been occupy-
ing th eplace where he died. He was @
hard working, thrifty and highly re
spected man. ‘

The funeral of the Inte Mrs. Urias
H. Phillips, whose death,we announc-
ed last week, took place on Saturday
afternoon, from the family home in
the 6th concession to the Olinda Meth-
odint church, of which she had been a
faithful worker for a number of years;
where services were® conducted by
Rev. J. G. Fallis, of Esaex, assisted by
Rev. Mr? Cressey, of; Ruthven.
23rd Psatm, -Mrs.- Phillips’ fay.
was read, and the text was taken from
St Mark, 14th chapter and Sth verse,
“She. hath done what she could.” The
remains wére laid to rest in Olinda
cemetery, the pallbearers being A. J.
Fox, John Best, Frank Fotheringham,
Iiyron Squire, Herbert Crow
Frank Wilcox, all members of the Lo.

O.F., of which Mr. Phillips {s a mem-|.

her. The floral
aid beautiful

: Préade Making Contests’

€

a)

New Fall Models

a $12.75

For Present ieee

New: styles in Taffeta showing the
straighter lines, also bodice lines and
over-tunics in new treatment. Many
have Georgette. Crepe sleeves and
Seetehi Alay He bake Tae ene
sketch. Iso wide ‘ancy -
ed. Women’s and Misses’ izes,

Five Large Phonda ke
Given as First District
Prizes.in

Ss

At Rural School Fairs in Ontario

More than £2,000 worth of prizes for bread making will be offend at the Rural School Fairs

this fail, Among the prizes afe five large cabinet phondgraphs, fifteen Canuck bread mixers, |

and many attractive books.

These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirririg ever :
held at rural school fairs.

Every girl between the ages of 12 and 18 should read all about this

f ~ fine opportunity, and should begin now.to*prepare for it. ‘The prizes, under the conditions ‘.

explained below, will be awarded for the best loaves baked with

Cream # West Flour

the bard wheat flour that is guaranteed for bread

—the flour that yéu will want to use always, once you have given it a good trial.) We want .
you to know for yourself that it makes splendid big loaves of the lightest, most, wholesome bread
that good flour can bake. That is why we make it well worth your while to try.it, by offering
these attractive and costly prize’. ’

For this contest we have divided the Proyince into five districts, each with several
we will give a large cabinet phonograph, a set of Dickens’ Works and three bread mixers. These sre called the
Dic priges and they are to be given in addition to the prizes offered at the local rural schcol fairs. (Sce list
of districts below.) Be sure to compete at your local rural school fair. If you win first prize there, you will then
sutomaticully become a competitor for the phonograph and other district prizes. :

Prizes, remember, are offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream of the West Flour. )}
osher flour will do. Yor local. prizes we offer a number of valuable books: By local prizes ot mean Thos ane

et the fair,

Is. Loca Prize —"Girl's Own “Azrual,” a great “f ‘beantifelly boaad illustrated book with £00 pare of stories and articles about
foorle. art. animals, eewiry, a exec teing ater eb tea ote y interests young girls, older girls their mothers: This
{on tenterfat ize at fod eau! Srmesra ior pease os

3d Prize.— "Stores of Fumocs Mes and Womes;* heavily cloth bound with

trascagdi.c stones of Fluesse Nizhtingile) Grace Darling, Flore MacDoaald, Jeany Lied, the late Qcecs Victoria and others.
ord Lesal Prive.—"Hritain Overreas.””

ol the coastiies and the peoples of Britain's verklene betes oe Tt many coloied pictures, interesting stories and descriptions

oy ttt Local Prize.—""Tire Queen's Gilt Book; = booll of storied, pictures asd special

erticke by Britaia's best ters, the
ne iad tobias a Proceeds from the tale of this book are for the
Nore.—Unlees the ectries nomber ei more

bo awarded. Unlgas the extrice camber tea or more 0

. The District Prizes —The winner of the first prize at each local)
fair automatically become: a conipetitor for the following District
prizes. One-half of the first prize loaf will be sent to the Ontario
Agricultural Collegé at Guelph, to compete in the District Contesta.
(See conditions below.)

Int District Price.—The “Px "is i
pheaceraph ‘we offer as Grit oe elt oes ee Stalin arbor chr
fore Weaume. It bas exch Teprodscer attachments apd eaablicg you to plays ll
s Esl fist diss records of pa ea tte What make. ThePathepbone peoroduces bad
ayaa Be , Y i
Pathe resstda. Total’ volo, $150.00, 0 nat” WHE Ht goenn dose of the famoas

sd District Prize.—Sct of Dickean’ Works, 18 splendidly bousl volames with maz}
Muctratina. Acwag the books ia the "Oh Twiss" = Curiosity ‘Shop.
There iso ot the moog catrancizg stot eee ey: ai

ties. In each district

Id title, many besstifcl pictares.ia colors, ex

first and peeoed wil
Pateifstpne ral

~ © ard, th aad ith Prizes. —“Canock” Bread tizera. This simple,
machina tales the hard work ont of bread making’ Testead of boteoa Leader aot,

i

thorocghly

fd ranthod, jest put in the & i the
ae ya} Sie fegrediccte, ture handle asd the dough is

CONDITIONS OF THE CONTEST

tt

Hb
i

i
is
if

ae
< FE

nat

E

 
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 

   
 
 

  

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL ee : bibiome

tare re Board ‘Saices)
Report ‘of Amherstburg High School.

Rees eeerarnbesereusrags
(required in emergency) .
Amherstburg, Ont.,‘June ist, 1917. ‘
dar Vear 1916. .

Statemont Showing Attendance, Cost of Maintenance and Essex County's

  
 

 

 

 
   
  
   

  
  
 
 
  
   
 

   

Expenditures for ¢ Cal

  
  
   
 

 

  
       
   
 

       
 

     
       
          
     
         
   
      
      
        
   
 
 

  
     
     

     
    
   

   
 

Be RaW Py = ecg 8070 70 Share of ES snditures for the year énded Deoémbear 31st, 1016.
; 5 aes § Hy $1 a . . ATTENDANCE,
: : = eae A 18 40| Aggregate attendance gf all pupils, per Principal Gavin's report.... 75478
Bxaminations .............. a Aggregate attendance df Exsox County pupils, per Mr. Gavin's report 8266
| t ppndns Rid MEREONENy rsh en ea Sh any 26 MAINTENANCE.
F poummiant, maps, furniture, ete. Boe ee ear ra 06 | Total cost of maintenance: for Collegiate (day Sees only). ++. -$ 31833 68
Lh Loe inda Fern ees are core Se ae a e Loss Government grant re maintenance Apne bcalge sees 1301 00
Sundries ..,
fet cost to Windsor and County of Easéx seesenceeess 80832 68
, . : ESSHX- COUNTY'S PROPORTI OF COST
oe Expend| Total 2 MEMS ay gets slsine hy $ 4090 37] © $30,382.68x8265
Clean to handle, S Bd by all Drug: penditure—1914 ... .$ 4529 80 ———OQUIB , 0... e eee eecece ee eeeeees Pertenece $ 3342 36
gists, Grocers and'General Stores. 1916... . 8518 40 . 15478 > 3 :
1916... bi EO 9 4090 Le Gak poe 20% as aye jay; biarate Beka ange [Net er arte eee eea ees , 668 48
—— 47 | Net amount duo from ex County.,.......: Peele PA seevee$ 2673 88
coop I MEN Legislative Grant—1914 640 09 A] All of which is respectfully submitted.
1 ne ‘ tat a < | (Signed) GEO. A. COURTENDY,
Secretary-Treasurer,
: ANTED' —+——+4 1783 33 ee ‘ 4 s
thi ty t i : ae Ne ks i i
aut Sein rs ides yor ees Total cost less Legislative grant for 3 Fan LO aricnhcee aanee $ 10355: 24 Leamington High School.
being made by many men now Average cost leas Legislative [45 RR, ae None ar eoanenn $ 3451 76 Report of attendance of pupils at Leamington High School for the three
3 ; agli our foods STD muss (Signed) B, §. OVERHOLT, years 1914, 1915 and 1916.
ave
‘ 8. for starting expenses, horse, Sec.-Treas. H. S. Board. Total of Total of
; war M, etc,, also furnish contract Report of Attendance at Amherstourg ari School. the whole school. Essex County pupils.
signed by two respanaible. men— Total attendance—1914. 0 Oy PB. 18 ea ity Ra ena eee en 17605 $226 ~
Rawieigh products are household 1915 18110 801
essitios—we have eight factories 8278 sede sess 0165
LS Dranchesecaddress, giving age, fi 1916 TAI6 18448 7673

 

i eee upation and references,
piaealae onronnY Limited

    
  

     
 

os 5, 64168 23914

      
 

 

 
      
  
   
 

 
    
       
        
 

 

      
 
  

 
 
 
 

         
           
     
  

 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  

  
    
 
      
    
     
  

  
      
  
    
  
   
   
  

     
  
  
 
 
 
 

  
   
     
 
  
   
  
  
 

 

  
      
     
   

      
  
   

   

 

  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  

 

    
    

   
   
   
  
   

       
    
   
 

       
    
 

       
   
 

   
     
      
  

 

 

 
   
 
 

         
 

 
      
     
  

         
 
 

             
   

 
   
 

                     

 
 

dey 1915. . 2627 NOTE—Essex County pupils include only ee who reside outside the town
1916 , 2891 of Leamington.
6992 Statement of Maintenance Account of tlie Leamington High School for
County Mability—6992-22911 of $4090.37, equala.......,.,-+--++.++« $ 1248 30) the three years 1914, 1915 and 1916:—
be 3 ; * 1914 1915 «4 1916 ~
(Signed) B. P. OVERHOLT, Paid for tenchofs’ salaries.............. $ 6360 00 $ 6673 35 $ 6460 00
> »., Princtpal. | Paid for caretaker, fuel, etc....... :. 1325 95 1834 40 952 86
> ae Pald for library and laboratory....,.... 39 56 116 13 51 56
Report of the Essex High School. ¥ | Paid for repairs....... NE ang RG 349 49 180 38 76 21
Copy Treasurer’s Report, Essex High School for 1916. Tptale eis ee ies $ 8075 00 $ 8304 26 $ 7540 62
; RECEIPTS. Less Government grant........ 97016 | 779 99 801 28
Balance on hand January 1st, 1916. a «-$ AT17 OT PRS ES a ae
i Received from Town Treasurer... 2500 00 ; - $ T104 84 $ 1624 27 §$ 6739 36
do Strathcona Tr. Fd.. ing 80 20] Average cost of maintenance for the three years équals........... 7122 82
Cadets Rind! ooo sce ee BES am 60. 00 | Essex County’s share of cost-of maintenance for 1916 equals 3144 82 ;
Legislative grant .... «- 758 61| Leamington, Ont,, May 28th, 1917. :
; County grant 2. gee ee oe Sse ere venmaneeaes 3627 70 Raa ne : :
¥ 2 ' 5 mi : - ui ¥
“STEAMER: 3 3 8678 93| Report of Committee Appointed at the January Session “Pure Uncolored” >
(66 99 EXPENDITURES. to Inspect the Different Grades and Bridges. and Uncolored
Pald-toachatel’ Salaries... .gi:.¢.-chviseape seu nyhoce Meenas acter $ 6085.00] -7o the Warden and Members of Essex County Council:— : ng cooking fades raspberries, ‘You can avoid this by using
} Janitor, salary ......-++ seer e eres a +» 200 00 Gentlemen,—We, your committee appointed at the January session to in- 'TIC' SUGAR which dissolves instant! ayousmonaet es
“SUMMER TIME TABLE, 1917 Fuel, chemicals, ctc........-.++-+++ vrerrerrs . 986 41] spect the different grades and bridges, report, as followa:— “FINE” granulation. LANTIC is the best «
SRRTERN SUANDD TIHE Ropalrs, Otc, oi... es seer cee en ewes reteersss 481 86 We examined bridge over Bellé River on the Townline between the all préserving on account of its tad 2h ewectyadog
MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY Balanco examination fees.....+....... RaRCARE 7 80) Townships of Rochéster and Gosfield North and found the east abutment in onan LANTIC i parity
Leaves ‘West ‘Dock, 7,00 A.M, Printing ods... - 1-1 ese ee eer ecn ens EELS ULRCON I Em 25 31) 9 very dangerous condition, about ono-half of which had fallen into the river. Pp Tot is @ pure cane sugar equal J good tor the
arrives Setter AM. Maps, Compaen, Here tenes reve eas 2 8 A large hole about four feet wide had washed out on the east end, but has’ table, for general pases and for preserving.
Aves a re 2 esc Ae” fed alae Ate Con Ce ; | been temporarily covered. The bridge is in first-class condition, having had
cegves EnERUHE 9-48 AM. School of Agriculture. ..........0-... isa eae 159,65: [ned PASE OR GnERDEe OM fwd: yeaie eo. lactis prendnt conditonahe brides 10, 20 and 100-Ib. sacks; 2 and 5-Ib. cartons, -
Leamington 4.40 P.M. Agricultural Branch ..... om < ce Seen oe so 811 is extremely dangerous, and would recommend that a new abutment be built ORDER FROM YOUR BY NAME IN
- Arrives Scudder ,.. 6.00 P.M. GCHIGIS ecre. con eta, soe . 21 68:1 aq goon aa it’can possibly be done, 3 THESE FULL WEIGHT PACKAGE
cue alS “winpson ant EM: B poleathicans) putt “teh z We also examined the grade on the wést alde of the bridge over Canard PRESERVING LABELS FREE—Send us a ps — nti rpiiti: ent
Leaves sibel Dock 27. es ak TOD A Met ee a bce ee nile ier “azlAle Cas a1. River on the Townline between the Townships o! derdon and Sandwich Boal’ bags carton and woe will eend
; pe Sarton Bias “ids A é . $ 8678 98 West. Part of aoe road ves graded Inst vere has not been peeve ready gummed printed
rives erstDure . ae } levelled, is full of holes, and evidently has not been scraped this year. The
Windsor (Hurley's Dock) (2-45 PM] anabasex County Councliz=. ie Ont» May A6th, 1917. | natanee, which ts about 1065 feet, is. very low and should be raised. Com Atlantic Sugar Refineries, Limited
Lele. a ener ly mencing at the west end of the work done last year there is about 200 feet
Papa Re, WIKUORE (Hurley a pork) ane Kindly accept my. resignation as your representative on the Board of} tnat would have to be hauled’in, thei there is about:00 fect that is wide and Power Building, Montreal
Arrives West ‘Doak (Pelee Hees “I AM eee S chool. This step is rendered necessary by the fact that I am flat, where sufficient earth could be taken from the sides to raise the grade. @
West Dock Sc or all ain ~
Taavshore, 12.00. (noon). » Thanking you for:the honor bestowed upon me by the appointment, I am, artemis pret at in ane aad a eee a er ee —— SE Saas
Lc RE geal AA papserely yours; (Signe) ©, A. SNELL terlal close by to make the grade, Directly west of this grade there is\quite| "~~ *
Ep a tt a OPO a eae Gey TAOAM: ; ng Bssex, Ont., May 15th, 1917. a, hill where sufficient earth could be procured if the road was the proper = SS
Scudder /. 9.00°A.M. 4 Ree rae 2 : width, but on measuring the road we find it only 48 feet from fence to fence, ea ee ng .
Wost Dock . 9.40 pm. Report of Essex’ High School to County Council. As this road should ‘be the full 66 feet in width, we think that the municipal - .
Pees Sean for Pelee and ae shore Expenditures—1914....... DAS SOON $ 7119 80 authorities of these two ‘townships should establish the proper line forthe
4.00 P.M. 1915.... bees 7539 75 fence. If that is done any amount of material would be available to raise E. R Ss
ene table subject.to change with- AOTC te et ceviche cs nck Soe a 5 7129. 49 aa the mans and would recommend that the work be done. f 2 fe
: 5 tho right to |” ee © further recommend thatthe grade between Gosfield South and Cal- HOw often there is occasion to send amessage of such *
ron Bassago to aivcetionable persons, Logislative- grant—1914.....,.. SoHo onaer snpotine. Hee $ ee eS chester South, between Arner and the lake, be raised. - tender sentiment that it can only be expressed se Ficwenn:
responsible fo} be " . seer . ° ‘
oily aarassed rand te ng to Windsor 163 5 Mae remo Signed). THOS. PLANT, You are constantly taking advantage of this ‘nieans - a
and Peles, Isand “stonmsbip Co., Limited, $ 2373 14 GHO. A. GULLIVER. of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.

   
   

Se * Ontario.

 
 

Do you realize that it is to your advantage to place

  
   

             

 
 

 

  
   

           
 

 

 
    
 
 

   

 

       
  
   

 

 

   
    

 

 
 
 
     
  

     
   

    
         
    
   
     
   
   
      
   

    

      
    
     
    
 

   
  

N HARRIS, ; : ' i ~ Spectal Committee. ‘
i SH ion Parser. open feat, Jose eenleletive Braue {OFS TORO 2 ocx antes sen  ¥ 19415 90] sanawich,-June 18th, 1917 \ . your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.
ge cost, less Legislative grant, for 3 years, $ 6471 97 an h E
Attendance aggregate—1914 17849 Sha Ise We guarantee that the most simple LORAL OFFERING a
, : t dit a as 16636 Report of, the Committee ‘Appointed to Meet. Walkerville exeoyie by. uswill be worthy of its’ purpose. = + >
Notice to 18 | Os. AE HAE 5 a fies Ag ; 50467 “ Committee--re. Administration of. Justice. ‘ TU SO N’S 48-48 Ouellette ‘Ave., Windsor « :
tereee ee To the Warden aoa County Councillors of thesEssex Count} Council, in i Phones 348-359-460. Sake
Council assembled :— 2
fm :
“i see eet a pie: “Se ae bee? : es 10410 oa Sentieubeai We your committee appointed to meet a committee trom ate
5 ; t <= 3 =
butd,,fh the County of Essex, Widows) County Iability—30804-50487 of 647197, equals... Z, $9961 14 | amdunt to Bo contributed annaclly-by the Taso of Walkersiiie to tie ae GOSFIELD SOUTH. *
Secepned. w (Signed) ©, A. SNELL, of Essex on account of Administration of Justice, beg to report as follows: eaten RP GATINNE tne
TAKE, NOTICE that pursuant to the Trus- . Sec. H. 8. Board. We went.into tho miattér’as thoroughly as possible in the time at.our .. Trinity. h th of th " dineaee
MH A A ET CR Te od Reh ae cae sce tee” ERPS > 10410 disposal, and agreed with the Walkerville committee that Walkerville should | Mrs, (Dr.) Foot and Miss Ruth|Gatarth isa blood ar conetitational: ®
Ton erate of tho said Margaret. Menzies, ae BBex vrgereee 5562 contribute the sum of $1,200.00—Twelve Hundred: Dollars—per annum for} Potter, of Buffalo, N. Y.. have return-| aisease, and in. order Fas it you
who died on of about tho olghteenth day Fa ie hobo glee eae Re ees =~ 15972) five years, beginning 1917, and we recommend that a bylaw be Introduced | ed home after visiting for two weeks Ske intarwal semealaee Etemn
of February; 1915, are required to send by Qertified to be correct } a to confiym and legalize this agreement. with friends and-relalives:in thie vic must take {nternal remedies. ry
tran te ei "the Cy Ble ba, (Signed). MN" Peinlpal Baer High ce * Respectfully submitted,- cinity—Miss Ethel Mer, of Highland | cers directiy ah the tock Hopes
7 Binder, ie, dunt et the address, ait (Signed) OHAS. B. WHALEN, Park, Mich. and Ralph Her, of Colr| surfaces, Hull's Catarrh: Cure if not

  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   

 

: WM. WOOLLATT.

‘ B. F. DROUILLARD.
THOS. PLANT:
W.H. KNISTER.

Dhvis Building, Windsor Ontario, on or be-
fore the thirty-first day of August, 1017,
their names d addresses with full par-
Aiculars of tir claims and a4 statement
of their accounts and tho nature of the
Security (if any) held by them,

AND TAKE. NOTICE that fer the said

chester South, are visiting with their) quack medicine. It was prescribed

uncle,-Norman Tler.—The _,Women’s| } tthe best physicians
Missionary Society met at the home of cidnity “for syed Cg ts a newer

Mrs. Joseph Williamson, at 2.30 p.m | prescripti It is com) of thi
on) Thursday, August 2nd.—Mr. and eke jonicapiaiown, combined with with the.
Mrs. Arthur “Allen and Mr. and “Mrs. past: blood purifiers, acting directly -

     
  
  
 
 
    

Report of the Windsor Collegiate Institute.

Windior, Ont., May 16th, 1917. _

To the Warden eat Members Essex County Covnell:— Ie
| Gentlemen,—I beg to submit herewith statement of the Receipts and Ex-
penditures of the Collegiate Institute for the year ended December, 31st, 1916,

   
   
   
    
  

 

"Dated at Sandwich ihe 20th day of June, 1917.

     
     
  
   

 

   
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
      
   
  

   

     

P ss nard Allen, of Kingsville, motored | on th rect

Weil prcoed 40 distribute the pssets of tno | and, on behalf of tho Board of Education, respecttully request your honorable Report of the Ontario Corn Growers’ Association hatham on Sunday last t call on‘ combinatitn of the two TRecaens

* Said deceased among the patties entitled | body to provide the eum of Two Thousan: Hundred and Seventy-three and 1916—1917 Nettae Townsend, who is sick of 8! jg what’ produces such wonderful re- _
*Sheroto, baving. regard only to the claims’) 88-100 Dollars..($2:673.88) in payment of the cost of mainteniince of the Essex ‘RECEIPTS. .

    

hogpital- there—Mrs_ Aurelian» Wigle

        
  
   

’ of which'the Administrator shall then have} county pupils who attended the Collegiate Institute during the year-1916. sults in curing catarrh. Send- tor

   
   

 

   
 
    

  
   
   
  
  
      
   

 

    
     
 
 

 

 

    
  
 
   
   
   
   
     

 
     
  
 

 

   
  

 

 

      

 

      
       
   
  
  
    

   
 

   
  
   
  
   
    
 
  

   
  
 

       

 

    
  
   
   
      
  
   
    
  
 

    
    
   
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
   

  

 

 
  
 
  
  
   
 

  
 
 
    
   
 
       
 
  
 
  
 
   
     

   
  

    
 
  
 

 

    
  
    
 
 
 

   
  

    
  
     

 

ill not be % spont a few days: with her parents, c ‘
Thine fer the ‘amounts oe any part thereot For verification of the amount asked, we enclog report of Principal a ne eee ass § os f Mr. and Mrs. Ambrose Malott, of. Tae co., Props., To
of any person or persons of whose claim} Gavin, showing™»attendance ofall pupils, with names and addresses, who at- Kent .C ‘ e . . \ Sandwichi=Joln Datntn- and’: adle ido, F0
Hoticd shall not have been received 85) tended. the Collegiate Instituto during said year; and, statement of how Bs-| Kent County grant... Wie epee 125 00 | Riggs epent Sunday in the clty—The sold by DB Tes
-above. required. sex county's proportion of cost is figured. Basox Spy Brant. . : Meee or RES all Mission. Circle met yesterday (Thurs-! ‘Take vane el core :
BARTLET, BARTLET & URQUHART, Further, if there should be any item on which you would like more infor: Peer i eat ee £9 sia 5 Poe Snes 20000 | dymrareeennaneartiinclnmeeat Mint! pation: 's y fo¥.con- «=
: $11 Davis Building, | |-mation, I assure yon I shall be peer to apnear before your council | or et beealitp and gate rece pide: 3 <, pre it a Burwell. Malott.—-Misk-Irene: Holmes. —
{ : to give any information w got SOO oe ee acini nee cee = sent oes
Dated. at Witidsor this 30th day of July, poe ar Gomrbittce, toyes Y eh may be within” My | ratiaing, light, lent, ote,, furnished by Kiigayilies, SORE? 235 go | spent Sunday with Miss Lillian Wiglo.
4917. th tt : Advertising tn prizo Usta...0b.cse..sceiservieeasecvresereecenee, 143 09] —The Willing Workers will hold an}
ah = —— Trusting that you will find the statement correct, 1 am, : Space at Show ‘ tie 09 [ice cream: soclal'in the church base- ONAL
: = eset Yours respegtfully, ‘i oa ne ce weed bees reer erecreese np even ee a ment on Wednésdayy Auguat 2mnd.— |
7 SB aN ae Roa (Signed) GBO. A.’ 4 COUR TENDEs » $ 0393 03| Rev: Mr and Mrs! Creasy and family
: THE - Secretary-Treasurer. ; spent Tuesday’ evening at Norman EXHIBITION
riga hestaura { : Receipts of the Collegiate Inatituts for 1916, - WicEReC evan ds , EXPENDITURES. a1 96 |Tlor's—Mre. T. Purbrock wos pleas-
Tax refund (war levy, 1915)...... igen $ 372 50 ree Sy ear ae antly surprised on Tuesday afternoon, .
PS fime i! N * | Government grant re cadet corps................. toate 6000 #™ Raven liag Se ; a: Pe July 31st, by the members of the Mis- Aug. 25 = TORONTO - Sept. 10
Murray Streqt £| Government grant re maintonamce......... 1301 00 - | Prizes ., k 5 768 90} Sion circle. Mrs, Purbrick was pre-| On Morn X5K Ordinarily Progressive Scale
a Ambarstburg + | Strathcona ‘Trust grant re Cadet Corps.. 62 20 Stenogrpher ....... ‘ sae eg is 99 oo} sented with a Life memberahip certif- \MOB ner
a palais: Kent County, Counell (tees for one pupil): ifs & > | ograving trophies 110000... e 16 45 | cate and badgo, The certifeate was | ILIZATION ~
Bxaminnotion fees ....---++-.-+ Chon EN i 6 00 . 1 \presonted to rele re ing
SPECIAL Fees from non-resident pupils. Pe ae Kot 98 80 Secret {eS veers . Ae os the banner Circle of London Branch OF NATIONAL RESOURCES
“CHICKEN, ¢} Collections from pupils re breakage. ... tenes 9 24 +” | eenadrer in: ees cos = eee aa eee a 50 00 |£0F, the past year.—Clarence Renno and Constractive and Destractive
mish. ; Walkerville Town. Counetl (tees tor pupils). 4463 ‘09 Dhspantiags aes = ree : ~ £0 09 l sister, Miss Hmma Bartlett, of Ford
— FROG;LEG DINERS Busex County Council (fees for pupils) ater ae vi ra aa é 2 05 ity, pent Sunday with Mr- and rs
4 \= Boat and Auto Parties Served on +] Requisition on city councll,,.... 5 30214 29 Gyre ees teerra tag : SEM Wiste >
= - . Short Notloe. Rent from Tot School ab 00 | . = An bi vn a
: Balance from 1916..-..0... 1229 26 ¥ >: J : ae. =a . “
=  cHOW & SUEY seers re + ask is sevens ttariattnes escent $0] RUTHVEN. ©
_ PROPRIETORS e 8,5

  

 

   

a os ae : : 45 62] Sinco tho cdtitiencoment of the | Cenudn's Story from Birth te Hattonboed, 2
pee hoy. .... x 10 00) present 4 spell cen of all kinds Dramatically To ;

vt de ha , ‘45 68 have boon ri @ falda tar Achovdoast
Relepiing ae : 33 SL lot wheat ppg oy Ray bcen narra The rary Avex Spectacal

: : be galt Oiit., February Sth, 4917.
mrtoney, i.
Moose A. Gon Board ot Education, Mg hae

   
 
  

 
 
 
  
 

   

 

5 aS x 1 76] Oats are bognining to turn and a na few |
Paar e n erage ; 8.00} more days will see them harvested. —
Corn: for class fiso..:.. : i 6 00|'The large cornfields aro making up

  

roa Bate ky so afr

1 for lost tim id evry acre in this -
Sundries. 01) @,,and evry

“1 80) district is now in good shape. Th farmers
225 00) carly boan crop is better than was exe Farmers
85 27] pected, and 5 ray Se baie have pe

   
 
 

 
 

 

   
 

i : : ‘shipped, to the. mar! ts during the. and Innova
you buildings with our, ‘Light. ass é ; : : a 2398 03 | past ten days—The ie
rnin, "Conductors, then you are Gure | Wwatkerville . F BOG | } j 3 ie : eae Lass ontg tho carly .
0 besnfe. Our rod has 36 pure cop | Gounty: of ei ce $266 | oo —— ae sata barb
ros, and passes” Govornnient Q a 2 Na yoo}: Z i ee : b fod and’

nt, has |

   

: sft i at atatintent ob

3, (Bignod)
ve extra good sults, at tifeue prices; pure wool Yorkshire worsted and ‘cerg0s, wavera? ehadou; a big assortment;

cent more.

“SUITS $4,50, $5.00,$5.50, $5.75, $6.00, $6.50; $7, $7.50

A remrkab)

Hn will find beautiful imported, pure wool, durable and_cool homespun fabrics, ssioron to fit and asia to patisfy the
ree lads from ages 7 to 15. AL the new belters and pinch back-effects, full size bloomers with latest Fos fasteners

straps. Bring the boys to Berube’s.

Boys’ Blouses, 50c. |

Sport and regular style.
most stores aro asking 60c
for this same quality. We
have a dig agsortment of
stripes, also blue. All sizes
in each pattern.

Underwear and Hosiery--Men’s Spring and Summer Und’ rwear

You will find here the size, the weight; the quality and the value you are looking for.
natural and pink; short sleeves and knee length, short sleeves and ankle length, or long sleeves and: enkle length.
nn SOE 2

| FINE WOOL COMBIN-
|
|
1

Single garments and combination
Colors are white,

BALBRIGGAN COMBINA-
TION SUITS

Short or long sleeves, per
_ suit $1.00
Every size, every

natural or white,

thread, closed crotch.

Boys’ Blouses

Extra
stripes and plain white.
sizes in each.

In Balbriggan. Double thread,
| double service. All  sizes—

Boys’

made.
boy for

75c. |

in / neat

quality’ |
All |

suita.

PENMAN'S BEST

|

|

1 Long
| 1ength,

ritable;
| or long

 

All the requisites for the Canning Season.

Sealers, Rubhers, Tops, Etc.

This is the year every portion of food should be put away iff cans
DO IT NOW

J. H. LOVEGROVE

Phone 8,Amherstburg,O n

GROCER SPECIALIST.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—F. C. Russell, of Walkerville, was
a guest of Dr. Fred. Park this week.

—Miss Mae Alexander left Wednes-
day morning to visit friends at Brant-

ford.
—Kenneth and Marwood Brett, of

Essex, were visitors at R. F. Lalonge’s
this week. :

—Mrs. John Hassett left las! week
to spend som® time with her husband

in Buffalo.
—W. H. Jones left on Wednesday

for Swastika, Northern Ontario, for a

few weeks.
—Mrs. Walter Lawler and son Law-

rence have gone for a trip up the lakés

with Captain Lawler.
—Miss Madge Wiley. of Dresden,

was the guest of Miss Gladys Scratch

a’ few days this week.
—Mrs, Herbert Mickle; daughter

Mabel and son Francis are visiting at
M. Lawler’s, Sandwich street.

—Mrs. Fred. J. Trotter and family
are holidaying at the -Mettawas Inn,
Kingsville, and on Pelee Island.

—J. Maloney, of Detroit,.is'to, sing
on Sunday morning next at ~Christ
chuyéh at the 11 o'clock service. 5

—John Shillington, wife and datgh-
ter, of Blenheim, have been guests at
W. W. Trimble's river front cottage.

—Miss Helen Irwin, of New York
city; Mrs. Haslin and daughters, Mary,
and Alice, were recent visitors at
Adolphus Bezaire's.

—Misses Beatrice and Mabel Bon-
sor and Miss Margaret Anderson and”
Clyde Brush visited at their aunt's,
Mre. Alexander Anderson’s, Inst week.

—B. P. Overholt left agnin, yester-
day (Thursday) for Hamilton, in re-
sponse to a message that his little
daughter, Gwendolyn, was seriously

ill.
—J. A. Abbott and family, of Essex,

are holidaying in Amherstburg, and
spending the time with Mrs. Abbott's
sister, Mrs. Wm. Trimble, down the
bank:

—The Ladies Afd of Wesley church
will give a lawn social on the. bank
at I. H. Denike's, Thursday_ evening,
August 16th. Program of music, in
which Mrs. Stevens, the talented
musician from Detroit,’ wil take part.
A cordial invitation to all.

—Miss, Tobin returned on Tuesday
from her home in Kingston, where she
‘was called owing to the illness of her
sister, and has resumed her position
as G. N. W. telegraph operator. Clif-
toh Wilson, also of the Denike: Drug
Co,. Is back from Wheatley, after, a
two weeks’ illness.

—Someksneak thief visited
Bowie's automobile, parked at the up-
per end of Dalhousie street, Tuesday
evening, and madé@ away with his yest,
which he left thére when going to
bowl. .In the pockets were a gold
watch and chain, and physician's ther-
mometer, all valued at about $60. C.
O. P. Brooker has the theft in hand.

+-Federal improvement-on the Liv-
instone channel in lower Detroit river,
ato toal cost of $2,570,000 for con-

striction by widening the rock cut
section from 450 to 600 feet, deepening,
the channel to 22 feet dnd widening to
$00 feet. the*two and one-fourth mile
section of the Detroit river Nght was
recommended to Congress on, Tuesday
by the U.S. War Départment. This

¢ improvement was foreshadowed
fit The Echo last week.

.—The Amherstburg Canning fac-
tory fs running daily on beans, which
are a good crop in this vicinity, par-

cularly the. nine acres put in by the
a. Owing fo the recent drouth
the crop was cut shorter than it*vould
hive been. There {s such o brisk de-
jand for canned stuff that the beans
will be shipped away as soon’ as they

=> ean be got ready.. Tomatoes will be in

goon. They have an excellent appear-
sance and TA should be a big yield.

—Two splendid rains in this vicin-
ay. Sunday afternoon and evening did
deal of good to the pasture,

whic! was beginning to dry up, and to

~~ ‘thecorn and potato crop. The latter

‘ip me

4s coming along exceptionally well and
the high: prices have struck the tobog-
gan ‘at last, go that ealing -pocatoes,
which hisd become almost o Jost art,
in vogue in every home. Ow-

sive ‘cost of seed, ex:

in raising spuds from al-

fre coming. to light,

plan valin oats

ting. poolings, his

being lose, and dry and

he ever

Dr. |

—Rey. A. B. Farney, of Simcoe, {6
holidaying in Amherstburg.

—Miss Lillian-and Jack Brett, of Es-
sex, are visiting ot R. F. Lalonge's.

—Mis Annie Briody, of Windsor, has}

\been the guest of Mr. and Mrs. T. W-
Crowe.

—Wesley Bescom has reopened his
bake shop, corner of Gore and Sey-
more streets.

—Miss Florence Knight, BA. of
Seaforth, specialist in Art, has been
engaged as teacher on the Amherst-
burg High school staff, taking the
place.of Miss Haycock, first engaged.
who goes to Collingwood.

—Mr..and Mrs. David Brown and
daughter Eva, Mr and Mrs. W. P.
Cornwall and ‘son Asa, Mr. and Mrs.
George Arner and Mr. and Mrs. Ivan
M.‘Brown were guests at T:. C, Lang-
lola’, Simcoe street, Sunday.

—B. P. Overholt, principal Amherst-
burg High school, who-has been_tak-
ing special cadet work in Toronto dur-
ing the holidays, came here to manage
the schedules at the bowling tourna-
ment He will spend the rest of the
holidays with Mrs. Overholt and family
at Beamsville and Hamilton.

—In Wesley church next Sunday at
10.30 the pastor's subject is “The Big-
gest Thing in the Kingdom of Heay-
en";,at 7.30, “The Man Jesus Sees.”
Short,-bright services during the hot
weather. Men's Brotherhood at 9.20,
and Sabbath schoo) at 11.20. Visitors
heartily welcomed. _»

—Joseph Baumey; of Ford City,
Mich., purchased C. A. Cuddy’s prop-
erty on the river front north, Jast
week. -While the price was not given
out, it is understood that the 77 feet
brought in the ‘neighborhood of $50 a
foot. Capt. James McCarthy bought
ten feet of the same property adjoin.

| ing his property.

»—The bunch.of High school girls,
mentioned {im last week's paper, got
away to a good start, at Cedar Beach
camp, Friday, ander the chaperonage
of Mrs. (Major) L. M. Thomas, They
were joined this week by Misses Jean
Hackett, Sybil‘ and Marjorie Park,
and Winnie Kemp, and are enjoying
their outing very*much.

--Two more new cars for the Am-
herstburg-Tecumseh run arrived in
Windsor this “week, and will be put on
the road as soon as they can besequip-
ped with airbrakes and tojlets. This
new equipment will give, the line a
tone?equal to anything of its size on
the continent... All that remains to be
added is a little more speed and not
even the most critical will have any
just cause for finding fault.

—Rev. H> M. Paulin, pastor of St.
Andrews church, Windsor, likes to
keep an appointment, especially when
it's a wedding, and he carried off the
running shot honors at Amherstburg
lawn bowling tourpament by. dropping
out of the game after one o'clock Tues-
day, jumping into an auto and scvot-
ing for Windsor, where he performed
a marriage, taking the auto bach to
this town and getting here in time
for the finals in the Old Boys’ trophy,
which was scheduled for 3.30. He
was only a few minutea late and was
successful in taking home one of the
prizes. J, R. Hewer substituted for
him during the last-four or five ends
in the sem{-final, when Mr, Paulin had
to leave.

—A band of gypsies camped in Bell's

|lane last week, rather an unusual sight

hereabouts for some years. <As has
been the custom of these wandering
tribes for certuries, they did a flour-
ishing business in horse trading and
departing thréigh the night Wednes-
day made way with more than they
had bargained for in the form of a
horse longing to Harry Cad-
aret, which they took from the pas-
ture fleld. Discovering his loss, Mr.
Cadaret made hot chase next morning
and when the fleeing tribe amelt pur
suit they turned the horse loose in the
vicinity of ‘the Canard, where it was
found Thursday. They were suspect-
ed also of having stolen a large tent
they used frm the armorfes, fihd their
next camp ground At Cedor Creek was
inspected on Sunday, but there was no
trace of the tent.

—The “cloth” was well represented
on the Amherstburg bowling greon
Monday and Tuesday. Among the play-
ers and yiaitors were noticed at one
time or another, the following: Rev.|
H. M, Paulin, of Windsor; Rev. Mr.
ot Comte of ibe ; Rev. Mr, Reid,

in| v. M. J. Ryan, poy
Amherstburg, and> his gui

@) Pajot, of porpetbs oe

¥ Bian, ae Malden; |

Boys’ Overalls:

in all sizes, in stripe; well

MERINO COMBINATION
UNDERWEAR—$1.25

splendid wearer;

and Youths’ Overalls

Will wear a sturdy
a whole year. Per

BOYS’ BRACES
18e, 18c, 20c, 25¢
BOYS’ BELTS
28, 40c, 50c

88 to 75t.
Children’

Black, Grey and Tan |

sleeves end ankle
natural shade, a
fs non-ir-
sizes 34 to 44. Short

lengths. in our well

—Walter and oo Wigle : are build-
ing & garage at the mill.

—Lloyd Kemp, .of the Walkerville |
Bridge Works, is spending has vaca-
tion in town:

—Mrs. Post and two daughters, of
Detroit, are guests at Mrs, Sol
White's, river front.

—The Mother Provincial of Wind-

sor; visited the Sisters of St. Joseph's |

academy, last week.

—John R. Pineau is down from
Windsor, and hes reopened his repair
shop on Ramsay street.

—Woods & Ouellette have reopened
tha*® Amherstburg Iron Works, With
considérable work ahead of them.

Mrs. Grant Small and Mrs. Olm-
stead, of Wheatley, were guests of
Ans. D..A> Maxwell, on Tuesday.

—Miss Anna Bethune, of Ottawa, fs
|in a month's visit with her. sister,
Mrs. W. Wilson, St: Arnand street,

Gordon Coltiorne, caretaker at the
Government 4upply depot, is giving all
the buildings there a ‘coat of paint.

—Thomas Gilboe and wife, of South
Chicago, are here on a visit to her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Bert-
rand, sr.

—Roy Jones, an Amherstburg boy,
son of the Jate Dr. Jones, has qualified
as a cadet'in the Royal Flying Corps,
Toronto,

—Wilffid. :-Richard, who has been
living in Windsor, purchased one of
the LeBlanc cottages on Murray St,
and is moving to Amherstburg.

—A_ steam cement mixer: of large
capacity, has arrived, and has been in-
stalled om the . Government lighter
Prescott for repair work at Colchester
light.

—The members of ‘the Holy Namo
Society of St. John the Baptist caurch
are requested “to turn out. in a
body to the §.30 mass, next Sunday
morning, August 12th. ze

—Daniel and Henry Meloche, * of
Wyandotte, motored to Amherstburg
Sunday to see their sister, Mrs. Mary
Ann Barron, and were pleased to find
her improving in health,

—Fred. Brooker, C, O, P., has pur
chased the Hobley Tot, Sandwich
street, from Mrs,*A. McNee, Windsor,
and expects to build a residence for
himself on it shortly.

—Rev. M. J, Ryan, the new parish
priest of St. John the Baptist church,
officiated for the first time in this par-
ish Inst Sunday. sRev-Fr. Pajot, of
Toronto, is visiting him this week.

—Cyprien Renaud and family, of
Delray,, have moved to Amherstburg,
and-Gre occupying the Nall house, on
Sandwich street, which has been thor-
oughly modernized by the ‘present
owner, C, Wigle.

—Rev. Ezrd Fear, pastor Wheatley
Methodist church, and Mrs. Fear leave
for Grand .Bend, on Lake Huron, to
recuperate at the’ summer home . of
their daughter. Mr. Fear has been
quite poorly. and a week ago Sunday
collapsed jn his pulpit.

—By the appearance of things Satur-
day night it\looked as if a number of
local sports either forgot or didn't
know that a new liquor license act
came into force on the 16th of Sep-|
tember last. Tuesday three of them
appeared before Magistrate Park in
answer to summons issued by C: O. P
Brooker, and were fined $10 and costs.
This ought to be sufficient warning for }

others who might be inclined to treat |

wthe Jaw lightly.

—Misy Mary Armstrong,. an exper-
fenced and esteemed school teacher of |
Strathroy, with her sister, Mrs. W. H.-
Sweetman, and their niece, Miss Edith
Cummiford, spent Monday at River
View Place. In former years the two
sisters were frequent visitors at the
Maxwell home. They motored to and
from Elford with>Mr. and Mrs. J.
Wilton;,who went to Bols Blanc Park,
and were favorably impressed with
the ideal” spot.
taught in Strathroy 44 “years, | The
juvenile chapter, I.0.D.E., of that town
was named for her, “The “Mary Arm-
} strong) Chapter.”

—Most pleasing and thoroughly en-
Joyable in sts every detall was the
“Midsummer Night Fete” at the de-
lightful river frot home of Mr- and
Mrs. V. L. Price, on Thursday of last
week, It was a perfect summér ¢ven-
ing with the added attraction of re-
fulgent moonlight, and that together
with , pleasing .program con/ributed
by talented éntertainers, 2 charming
hostess, a cordial welcome for ©¥ery-
one and a good cause was a Combin-
ation that could not but appeni 1g Fie
present. Mrs. Mark ‘Burnham
ens, of Detroit, who {s holiday! a 5 at
Crateau Ia Rose, had charge of
first part ef the program, aid her
charming pimzo and song reci{#! was
& great treat. ‘It is very scld°™ ono
finds a muasidam. talented 1? both
piano and voice as i the ca#® with
Mra. Stovens, and sie Ca

er share to make he
Joyable ‘bne, respouling paling cheery to
fives tes ; eitta was was very? tt

ree fairy By
nicely staged and Cleverly”
the little ones in ‘tie caste,
‘the first time man Be
we 7 0

Miss’ Armstroé has |,

ATION

If you must wear woo] you
will sure find what you want

assorted stock,

= :.
| _—Ladies' Aid ic garaie party, Den-
\ike lawn, August 16th. Come.

—Mias Jessie Duff has returned to
her position {jn the Imperial Bank af-
|ter holidaying for a week.

—Mr, and Mrs. Malcolm Bailey and’
bane, of Walkerville. are guests of her
mother, Mrs. John Huston.
| +Ted Kelly, employed at Brunner,
Mond; had the «nd of one thumb tak-
fen off by being canght in an auto
wheel.

—Mrs. Gordon Conn and children, of
girs Mrs. Charles Gillean and

Detrojt, are guests of their

Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Middle-
ditch, Alme street.
| —That its employees may not object
to working on farms on the plea of
hiow. wages, the Ford Motor Company
of Canada will make up th difference
between wihat the farmers pay and
wages paid by the company.

—Followimge Essex county students
passed the Junior Matriculation exam-
inations, Tine honor staadiag is {ndi-
cated {n' braciket: K. E. Brett (mathe-
matics JT1), J. E. Beasléy (French I.,
chemistry II), P. M. B. Gignac (math-
ematics M1, Latin I, French I, physics
If, chemistry 111), K. Vrooman (Eng-
lish If, Latim I, French 1, German 1.)

“Death « mme suddenly Wednesday
to Marshaill W. Thompson, a member
of the Camadian customs staff at
Windsor, who died at Hotel Dieu at
noon.“ Mir. Thompson was 72 years

operntion, which was performed late
Tuesday night in the hope of relieving
his condition. As late as Tuesday
afternoon Mr. Thompson was_ about
towm and appeared in his usual health.
—The whistling of several steamers
for assistance on the river at mid-
night Saturday roused a number
of iitizens, It proved to be the barge
Unranda jn tow of the steamer Wil-
Nam A. Hazard, which sprung a leak
andi sank off Bar Point. The steamer
Hazard came on to this port.to tele-
pheone the owners at Marine'City. The
barge left Toledo loaded with coal,
and on the way struck a heavy sea,
spring a leak, and before assistance
remched her she sank. The'crew took
to the yaw! boats, and all: were say,
exebpting one saflor who missed his
famiting, and in falling overboard hit
this head and never came up. The
‘barge will Dé raised’ as goon as the|

insurance company ‘looks - over the
boat.

We desire to express: our sincere Thanks
to the many friends who showed us so

imuech mines (in our severo bereavement.

id MAS. FRANK MELOCHE.
Amherstburg,

Ugust 7th, 1017.

A house maid; light w

Apply to_MRS. BERUBB. 5 eae
“FOUND—In Amherstburs ‘ “a small

jock and key for bicycle.

same"at The E¢ho Office.

old. Death was due to a comp!itation
disrimses, and followed soon after an

pane
Loser can get

~ FOUND—On_ Rowling Green, a pair of
) wold rimmed glasses. Apply Eeho OMee.

~ FOUND—A- sum of money was Tound on
the Jawn at Mrs, Price's, Thursday night,

| Loxer can kek same there on proving prop-

eee 20 BENT

| TO RENT—House on” Sandwich Street,
| Amberstburg. Apply_to W. BE. CRAIG,

To Petree on a aharos, * rm of 125
| WA of 4 in New Can-
jaan Apply to Bi ARGE LAZARUS, New
Canaan, Ont.

TO RENT—Residenté’on corner of Gore
jand Rathurst agreets, Amherstburg. Nine
fine large rooms; all modern conveniences,
Al8o_ bOtcher and barn and stables.

Amy to CAPT, J. E:’MAHON, Bathurst
Street.

past

~ LOST—A biack velvet bag on front-rosd
tween Windsor ahd: Amberstburg, etic
will Die aso return Th The ws Echo

On thd streets of » aanereIbOr a a
ring poling. two post office keys,
ring lock Key and’one fight Tock
smal ehain “attached. Finder
please Joave at Echo GMce,

‘When i in nd

to offering of Ladies’ fine
trimmed vith plain colored chamtray.

g@bildrens’ Wide Black Patent Leather

Ladles' White Boot Silk Hose, sixes
8%, 9, 9% and 10— - "
35c, 40c and 50¢

Ladies’ White Silk Waists, sailor and
pointed collar hemetitched; pearl
buttons; size.36 to 42....,.$275

All

FOR CHILDREN.

Children’ Seer Dresses, in black and white checks, also bluo or pink Chambray, well mado and ee ie 2 to 6 years, |

Middies mage of fine white “washing material, trimmed with blue or pink; pocket and belt effect; 4,6 ond ¢, years, 759

Ladies’ Black or White Lisle Hose,
extra sizes, for..

Ys

i $1.00
TANLAG LAXATIVE TABLETS

c. M. S. THOMAS,

Druggis in AMHERSTBURG éince 1878

BIRTHS.

Boeuglet—In McGregor, Saturday, August
suet, 1917, the. ‘wife of Mr, Eugene
Beuglet, of a son.
Haggins—In Kingsville, Mond: July 30th,
RTO T, the wife of Mr, Haggis, of 3
son.

Little—In Kiogsville, on Sund July 20th,
Toit, ane wife’ of Mr. Wilbur’ Little,
of a son.

Middough—In ~~ Cleveland, Tuesday, July.
31st, the wife of Mr. L. GC. Middough,
of a son.

Morris—In. Windsor, Friday, July 27th,
1017, the wife of Mr, Everett Norris,
of a son.

McLean—Iin Sandwich South, Tuesday, July
3fst, the wife of Mr. Pat, McLean, of
a son.

Meloebe—In Windsor, Saturday, July 28th,
1917, the wife of Mr. Jaracl Meloche,
of a son. °

Piche—In Sandwich, Saturday, August 4th.
{017, the wife of Mr. Ernest Piche, of
a daughter.

Rix—In Detroit, Tuesday, July 3ist, 19017.
the wife of Mr. C. K. Rix (nee Mabel
Grimth, of Essex,) of a son.

Tremblay—At New ‘Canaan, Saturday. Aur-
list 4th, the wife of Mr. Walter Trem-
biay; of a daughter.

Taylor—In Colchester South, Sunday, ‘Aug-
ust 5th, 1047, the wife of Mr. James
Taylorj-of Bson.

 

 

MARRIAGES. *

Brain—Clark—At ‘the Methodist parsonage,
Essex, on Friday, July 27th, by Rey.
J. W. Hibbert, Reg. S. Brain, of Walk-
erville, to Miss Nelsin Li Clark, of
Windsor.

Heritz—Meacham-—At
bride's parents, Tuesday.
1917, by Rev. H. M. Paulin,
Frank Heritz, of Belloville, to Miss
Etta M, Travis. daughter of Mr. Loius
B, Mepcliatly of Near

tho home of the
» August 7th,
Mr? J.

DEATHS.

Dufaux—In Windsor, Monday, August 6th,
1917, Henry Dufanx, aged 13: yearas.

Fortner—In Watford, Monday, August one
1017, Dougias, youngest son cf Rev.
J. T. Fortner, aged 6 years

Gpatho— Jn, Spain Sayre: S Hos) yee ak

ay, Augus! 5017

Goathe, of Comber, aged 31 years, 1!
months

Ner—In Sandwich, Friday, August drd,
1017, Mrs. Jennie“ller, relict of tbe
Jate Ezra Der, ded 58 years.

Jefery—Iin. Walkerville, Tucsday, August
7th, 1917, Simpsan = Nedouuld oo
son of Mr! Nu Jeffrey, aged ¢ yosrs,
months, 10 days.

MeLean—In Harrow, Saturday, August 4tb,
1017, Mahlon, son of Mrs. Eli McLern,
in the 18th year of his age.

Molene ee wounds in ‘ance, Sanday,

20th, 19147,c1'6 nleg Fey ank
Na loche, of - Amherathury, aged 23

m ein D troit, Frid Al t 3rd
ratt—in Detroit, ay, ugusi l’
Eb Pratt, of Sandwich
yest

1007, Charles

Shuel—In-Windsor, Thursday, August 2nd,

1917, ‘Elmer ge fNreman, aged 26
S years.

Stowe—At Milford,’ Mich., Sunday, “July”

, 20th, 1917, Mrs. Salem Stowe, former-
Of Maidstone:

Snider—At tho home of her brother, Mr.
Jacob Snider, Colchester South, Friday,
“August 4th, 1917, Miss Julia
in the 80th year of her a:

Sylvester—iIn Maidstone, Sun Wy,
ee 199% Mra. Joseph Syivesier, azc

‘ears,

Talbot—In Colchester North, Mond Aug-
ust 6th, 1917, Chaves Talbot, aged 43
years.

Thompson—At Hotel Dieu, Windsor, Wed-
nesday, August Sth, 1017, Marshall W.

dsr,

72
Wiggle! nD ‘Windsor. Frid: August 30th,
* 1917, Simon bth a ung viie, aged.
¥ el Th. Wheat ‘ Sunday, ny’ 20th,
‘oung—In ey; S iH
1917, Nel#on :
raw, aged 68 years, 7

>

of ‘CEMENT,

“HARDWALL- PLASTER.

in Building

a ee
i
is
if

Thomson; Of the customs staff, aged | |

‘Oung, Aounsny, of War- |
months and 25]

en

TOWELLING.

Check Glass Towelling, red check,
good dryer, 22 inches wide—

am House Dresnea made of good mat
nd generous sizes—34 to 42—76c, $1.00. §1.

10¢, 14c, 15¢ and 20¢

August

Ladies’ Summer Under Vests, short
, sleeves or sleeveless—
* 10c;* 150, 25c, 45¢ and 600

Ladies’ Black Hose,
color, old Fase ihe F

ee

Ladies’ White Underskirts, tucked and
lace-trimmed—-
90c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.75

WHITE G@oops 3
Dimitles 20.022. e secs receseeess BOG
Muslin ...............+-156 and 209
Crepes :....-..-.....+..4206 and 289

Voliles... +80c, 380 and 485
Batiste ’

Middy Oloths......,....220 and 25

PHONE 1

The Old Royal Doulton

and Wedgewood !

SS

Plates, Cups, Saucers, Sugars
Salads, Berry Bowls, Canile Sticks, Jugs,

and Creams, Teapots,
Roll Trays, :

Sandwich Thave Oatmeals and Wardens: all in
‘beautiful patterns, with exquisite colorings a at

very low prices.

Also have a big
Semi-Procelain Dinner Ware.

assortment .of CUT GLASS,

Almost everything in the line of Crockery.

Barlow & Smith

Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper.
AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

Cool |. Wearable |

THE STORE OF VALUES

Waste be

SHIRT WAISTS:

People tell us oar ‘Shirt Waists and Blouses

are the prettiest in town.

Have you seen them ?

Prices 50 cents to $5.00

FP, Scratch &

AMMERSTBURO, RuvaRio.

"5 the. best rentedy

“known: for sunburn,

“Clerk's D Notice.-

Tor we Firat aceon aq. of Voters’ us, ged

fa hereby given tbat
mamitied or. dglverea

ion .9 of tho
tioned in Secuan

COOMA EF >

ADs oun. and te

tes

hip of

to th

J ayo

"SINAC Go GRAIN 00.
Proprietors

i DEALERS 1 ste 8
Grain,’ Hogs, . tw st,
Soman, ne

 
