 

      

Get Your Coal in Now...
While we have the Supply.

THE eee a

fe. OF.

 
 

1 THE MOLSONS BANK

CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000

   
      
    
  

  
  
  

 

    

 

96 Branches in Canada

 

 
   
 
       
    

        

   

  
 
 

Kingsville Branch. Amherstburg Granch.

BRIGHTEN THE HOME. ae ;

am : A General Banking Business Transpcted

. : CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT :

< 4 Al BANK MONEY ORDERS,

| : SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT:

gee i: Interest allowed at higlest current rate “eg s
= : R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, . |) Ws 8. FALLS. Manager, The Earning Pefiod of a Man z Life is His

   

 

    
  
  
     
   
 

 
  
  
 

 

LIFE’S WINTER will soon overtake you.

   
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    

 

AMHERSTBURG SOLDIER
WINS MILITARY MEDAL

4
ed for
P piste bad: Bene ar = pire a word. Hon. W, J. Hannny former Provincial
g t ty isements, Secretary of Ontario; ) has Been ap-|But Sacrifices His Life For His
5 y ¥ meet pointed Food Controller for Canada Country.
: ec Tic 19 Ss - : Pre eres DEA Tee with wide powers providing he shall ‘
: ; ; | i make necessary investigations into General sadness ‘that prevailed in
)
y :
HH HE Hr eter RTH Ete EERIE

 

NEW FOOD CONFROLLER.

     
  
  
    

  
  
   

 

ARE .YOU. WASTING THE-FRUITS OF
YOUR HARVEST? WILL THE STORMS
OF OLD AGE FIND YOU WITH

AN: EMPTY GRANARY? :

Let this bank be your.
granary and you will
reap. a harvest of golden
gains. :

 

  
  
   
  
   
  
     
   
   

 

    
  
  
 

 

FOR Lee oui location, ownership, | Amherstburg since naws came, of the

ctrici i "LE, Anderdon. Phone 163-1-3,|the quantities,
Our electricians know How: “s do the work economically. FOR SALE—Double barrelled sources of supply anu; prices of any death, a few weeks ago, of the death
and a nite Nght a wagon—cheup, article of food in Canada; that lie shall | of Corporal Russel) Fox, has .given

oe: recertain domestic. requirements and | place to a feeling of civic pride in his

facilitate the export ofi the surplus to achievement, since his mother, Mrs.

   
 

   
    
   
  
 

  
  
   

Electric Irons and Toasters ERIN

FOR
i j iply to JOHN MART Prone 1iseti. 1

~ ‘ : / ; mille south of McGreg é

At prices that will make you want = Beton: caue—Dure pie Fay, |to the. approval of the zovernor_ In
old, both se bred from tegistered | council, The food controled may make
‘stork. * Apply FOREST LARAMIE, North) oo ointions governing ithe prices of

Mal P.O.
ini mae ALE mens Di r any food and. the storage, distribution,
J, : been used in cement sale and delivery thereof, providing
: SON, McGregor. for its conservation ‘find governing

LEAMINGTON: ‘ONT.

 
  

Great Britain and her Allics, subject Wm. Fox, received the following let-
ter from Military Headquarters, with

the tidings that the herojam of her
son had won the Military Medal, the
first Amherstburg soldier awarded.
this outstanding distinction. The let-

ter which follows speaks for itself:
87th Battal anadian Infantry

   
 
 
  
  
    

 
   
 

 
    
 
 

“MAKE HAY WHILE THE SUN SHINES,” 2
ve ;
' Start an account with us to-day and keep safe
the results of your industry.

 
     
    
   
       
  

 

      
  
  

 
   
    

   
     
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
     
    
    
 
  
  

   
     

consumpton in hotels, restourents, h v
cafes, private honseg and clubs. . Mr. “ vr My May gown, Wie

— y Mins. PORaIA Borie, Rankiu Ave.,
pu ince Ont Henna left for Washington to confer | Mr9. Isabel Fox,
OR SAL! Cheap And on oasy tertisorto| with Herbert C.Hoov The job re- ADIMERSIBULE ou Ree ace

quires a big man, and t Government Corporal Fox, has

has certainly picked a¥man of proved fust ‘been awarded itary Medal for

ray displayed in the attack on Vimy

Aidge, April eat Authority, B.. 0., 359,
2-0-

  
    
     

 
 
  

TOR SALE-Charles Ong'a ty
Seymore | Street. to mcttlo up t

 

 

 
  

 

   

rent, sovernl houses, Inzzoand small. with
A. Dapia,

 

modern converifences. Frev,

b GOAL--Crestyut 7 2 GOAL-Stove
GOAL—E<c mi GOAL Ser

ci Ihe South side of | capacity for the position,
containing over

 

     

    
  
 

 
 
   
   

 
 

—<—<—$—$
two acres." Falrly ponse, Fruit bear- REGULATIONS AS TO bad all N.C, 0.’s_ and men.
ed = =dwards for the good

Pearees;” Apply to ROBERT NAISEY, Fort : "
SIrdet abet. DISCHARGES: MADE pork -¢ April on receive: thotr

“Durham calves coming EXPLICIT IN ORDER th Battalion, who. then
2 veal rings. Ata, one 1 past: We sinrebely- rexret- that

v
Durham cow éight years old with Two Taw’ h Was not amongst these to receive
No Man Gets Pension: Unless Entitled al in front of the men he had so

months’ old calf by her side, All in food
condition. S oply to E, J. Martin, Harrow, a To it. y gallantly fought with,
R.R., No. 3, or Phone i, Hae Every man discharged from the u a maclOnine: a roe ope ound he
= + ‘ would have receiv ad Ne, bean here,
a ar ce he pure. Penadts ay err Darn: with theshope that you may find some_con-
Comprises cottage on Ramsay and corner previous to his discharge &' solation Im the fact that his good “work did
a medical board, whereit can be de-|0t pass mnngticed.

vacant 1ot-60x00, Splendid pi rty. For
His medal willbe sent you direct from
terms, ahs. it ‘ termined» whether. he. lould be dis-| ino Authorities. In’ London, in dng course,
‘physical unfit-

a —__—... | charged on account » Kindly’ ae my ‘deepest Sympathy -in

x CEST FOR SA the’ 1048 of your so
9). ma ness, and whother ita ephysicale dig-the loys of your sincerely,

frat ceaion, adjoini
AY ot Malden eer concern: ds wares | ability, 4f any, is-due. to oF opera ated Tee SSpONOHUE,

In.clover ; Oil ee Falr ized _house| by his service inpth Lieut.-Col.
acd out-buildl in good. epalr, Never 0, 6..87th Batt... Canadian, Infant
will take tions. recelved “emnnaian Grenadier Guacds):

a :
to nny ng imYainconaition.(Tiuhed fn t The same days  Bsrjas _ =Fox,,
‘ORL pio) ’ ntain tot ately ‘whose: son, Pte.-Orvilla Fox, fost biy

. SUM MER IN VIT ES YOU. “he 4 arma SALE—Gene : _ Store business) an i| Sap W sb py dis- Linke tien eit a aaa

property at Lukervillé, comprising” store
ahd iiving apartments; fm brick milk| charged for other reasons on going 87th Battalion, Canadian Infantry

TO EN J OY OUR - OF F ER I N GS: houke; ice eatin (ee pee reerat sie before a medical board, were found to}: a ae TE -,

  
  
      

 

   
   
 
  
   
    
  
 

  

 

 

 

 

     
   
   
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

   

Harrow ee - p. r Clark, Manoger

      

     

   
 
   

Delivered to any part of Town and Country.

: Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front,
Anderdon.

y

 

  

 
 
     
   
 
  
 
   

we

     

 

  

 

ra
his

PHOND tac 1S, OTRO “COAL: 60,

RESIDENCE eh

        
 

gees ersetint ior

    

Sidi
sti S
Cee
ics
pu

  
 
 
    

LELEREELE TEATS TEE OT

ae
al
kee

ie

 

 

 

 
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
     
  
 
   
  

  
 

         

 
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 

 

   
    
   

ap working order: f-torl.scajes. | Physically unfit, and instead of be-)) Epox!
Contrallywiocajed on Conny, road, connect- |ing discharged on the originalsreason, Amberstbure, Ont.,
Well 45-|they were discharged os physically Canada,

.-] am sorry to fell you that

  
 

    
   

4 ; ( ing Windsor and Amherstburg,
> Lawn See Spotter oy nian in stock. | mimediate Fo slot yA. | uiifit; and their casés were sent to the sal am Aprry to tell You, that
awn an LN

‘o, 1, Windsor z QO. Psreleapnone 147-23.| Board of Pension Commissioners for) in action April oth, 1017, in the attack on
application for a pension, According win EAL a a ee 5
tf ie me Nis «death ravely and was al.
to the new order, the I ension Commis- fino example’ of courage t> she men near |”
sioners will not be called upon, to”de-| him.
cide cases, unless the man's unfitness = ae se pe by nie comrades on the
jeld 0 attle, andthe place is sultab)
was! actually due to or: aggravated by marked by a ss with his name on te
Pleaso ept our sympathy with you
in your loss.
Sincerely yours, 3
J. ¥. O'DONOHUE,
Lieut.-Col.

      
   
    
   
     
    

    
   

 

Miss SULLIVAN 'SREAL ESTATE AGENCY
Phone 200, Amherstburg.
Poe Sa a nay cto nes a ts tn

Trown.: also riverfront property ; also his service in the C. E. F. Tf he js

tarms in Malden =a Pacerden wi sizes.and}¢6 be discliarged for other reasons, his

Birect’ P.O. mee Amberstburn. physica? fitness, or unfitness must not

JOR BALE—One of the best Wact® farmain| De given as a reason, and his case
F ‘Anderdon. Cheap. Good hove, best of! will therefore not be taken to the Pen- Comanding 87th Batt., Can,’ Infantry.
(Canadian Gronadier Guards)

jand, near achool, can give pomsesnlo, "%
For pe sion Boar@’ for decision, The regula-| - ae Jer

For particulars, apniy to Marky
| Fort Street, Amherst burg. Ont. | tion apparently js to.preyent men ap-
proRea &—frick dry goods atora Tost.| plying for pensions on account of Aine BRUNNER, MOND GOING STRONG. |)
full basement; 12 room residéince fat;} ability, when they are not entitled to The Echo: bellevue that comparative

grocery addition 2xh0, refrii erator oa store-
able, ly few in this district, even yet. real-
ize the tremendously, big commercial

ooms ; 2 storey barn ; stal bo; them.

| nolo salle, bugey house, farsa loft” -| Other »grounds for
‘development that {s taking place right
before our eyes, in the erection.».nd

F falls Here ta ‘discharge are
ngs. Mise SULLIVAN, AMOR nH given ag “under age,’ “over age,”
FOR GALE—One of the fness Farms in M1 not likely to become an efficient sol-
organization of the Brunner, Mond
Canada, Limited,’ “Plans which took
some years to perfegt-are being work

Malden, consisting of 78 acrert tight oD} aier “within three» months of efilist-
ed out by a highly Specialized organ-

the Pike; well drained; well fenced: one

oF tho finest houses, with soft abq'nard| ment,” “having been irregularly en-
jzation; without a hiteh, ond while
the work is “going strong”, it makes

water: in ithe house; Fond Oulbulla Dies. For | jisted,” “with . ignominy” or *“‘other
A barn; y
03. tt. desp: Nine om 0 the Board of PansionCommiasion- no noise, and before we are-wise to

 

 

“Wherever you find Ford cara and Ford service, you find
SATISFIED FORD OWNERS—men who epprecinte the car
for its quick starting, its easy control, its simplicity and
its extraordinary capacity for hard work.

The phenomonally large sale of Ford care is the direct
result of Ford SERVICE and.Ford SATISFACTION.

‘For satisfaction is o8 universal ng the Ford car itself.

Doctors, Inwyers, salesmen, bakers, eroaery, and farmers :
all praise the Ford—all are satisfied.

Its low cost appeals to co Its Smaak low upkeep

 
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  

 

    
  
  
  
 

    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 

  

 
 
 
  
     
    
 

 

 
  
  
   

cost pleases them. Its sturdy,.steady, service-giving ‘char-
acter wins them ond satisfies them. Even the wealthy
prefer to drive Ford’cars rathér than bot! or with the cpst- _
ly, cumbergome limousine and chauffeur. It means -econ-—
omy wher “saving is a national duty.”

Ford satisfaction is just ag valuable as upholstery, or ‘as.
fancy finish. Ask any Ford owner about it. 3

-If you intend to buy a Ford, place your prder with the
_ Dearest dealer.

__ Kemp Furniture Co. —

    
     
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
  

 
     
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  

 

  
 

   
  
 
 
  
  
 
   

  
   
  
 
  
  

    
  
  
    
   

  
    
 
  

  

    
  
 
  
 
      
 
  

MARY, SUL
pasate sohetstbu Box aye’ | causes.”
Dest streets near river: 9 rooms; Di ed ed for discharge have been referred
Close to town, Possession the Situation, one of the most import-

re. P. 0. eG,
HEADQUARTERS FOR? CAMP OUTFITS yop be ath ee calars opr io, Ant pire sunt acre Sano acers ant industrial concePhs {n . Canada

a Weak One Of the Nnest new mod- The order rendit in part ds follows:
Hammocks and Hammock Couches. SULLIVAN, Fort Street, will have been established on the De-

 

    

4 \ nig 4 . | Fore
S> : \ ‘ey | @ ern héuses in. Amhersthurs, on ae “Numerous cases of men’ recommend-
‘are constantly recommending men for) soit river front, just at our doors,

   
    

     
  
  

     
 

   

  

    
 
     
    
 
   

     
 
 

 

 
 
 

  
    
 
 

     
  

     
  
 
    
   
 
  
 

: 0. Box 35.
BA Tithe fihest Wivar Front | discharge on account of iyaical unfit-
; Another Shipment - WHITE SEWING MACHINES just arrived. Ferrever ee indy ih ae tront | Sas who shogid be. discharged for Already visitors from all parts’ of the Amherstburg, Ontario.
be LU louse 9 roomie. not inc’ cecalfhard 9 Roar :five| other reasons; ond it {8\ of ‘the ut- southwestern peninsuln are being at-
. aA , ~* »
ve The Best es Earth. i : fo ners of and ae ndravand bea Aor most »importance that ‘no . soldlor vered there” daily to: witness the
: garage tnd ove of Fon to chanvel ies Fine|'should be discharged ag physically, un- y
one of the eAvesLiawns tobsfound! ft where discharge can bé carried Tho material necessary is being as-
og eo itorchard. Hight on car Jino. Good |; Bi sembled with the minimum of delay,
: phly, to,  MAWy SULLIVAN, Fort. St.) out under other Sections of paragraph
. Bo * “ and no doubt the contract will be pone
: KiterstbureP. 0. Bay ss. $22; K. R. and O,, peCanalles 1910; leted within the ti ifed b
era ona tho best farmain County} ~ ; pleted within the time specified by
S. a BOTAN. Maneger. : HE, Sst Conpesslon Cofehostgr Bouts, 108,08). "250,000 ) PROTECTED. ~ Compa pany. ahs foundation for me
‘ Phone 58. _Amberathat SESS Spire |, mer, ue man wu ata eerste
ind poe es i yl a doncrete tower with schutea to dis-

 

 
 
 
  

 

ee et Hour, well};
bale ba fit bored wa mee, alt benefit pre a eporting to the re- tribute concrete for the pldéwalke;, etc,
During the past week 8 ® contract has

a ie pe, xood fences, Half) Fistrar of frien@ly societies In On-
) Westen Univesity ‘London | cbarehn a As wh ns ie been let to the Foundation Co. i

aye ral wheat and re, tariq forthe year 1916 have ‘a- total
ean at tak lon by
‘a first of April of sooner. iva powroaton Ny esting particulars given. spread concrete: tile ras ere

    

   
   
 
 
     
   

Oxley. summer resort. | membership of 256,009. » oF inter

   
  
 

Three More New Professors Se a eet baie hs 1 Btste “Tole, #163,577.268 _\river through the property to » point
Ee Equal ta Any io Canad. ~ [== eae, as a the; main. Palani ‘ ‘Building Hardware _

lance benefits pals 7 P ' .
LosT— Dyin rey overcoat, on, road be- 118, aa a eRe = tb p28 fie degp. monty fonneling , : 2 ‘Paints, Oils, 5

between g
| een A gage Newand by Jeavibr aaa: ! ?: John: Marrier, Supt., and Ralph’ Allin
; "The ham, engineer, have been here for
week arranging for the force of men
; Foquthedl and for the Ropaing: of te

“President :
E. fee cae aa M.
  
   
 
  
 
  

  
   

 
 

 
  
   
  

     

     
      
 
    
  
  

   
  
   
   
  
    

Napa an Bt

 

 

    
       
   
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
           
     

       
       
        
    
        
         
    
   
    
          
     
        
   

 

is
mai

 
 

  

   

  
  
   
  
 
   

  
  
   

  

   
 
 

    
  
 
   
    
 
  
  
   
  
     
   
 
 
   
   
 
   
   

 
        
 
    
  

   
 
  

PHEUMATSH WS

~ MOST SEVERE

 

      
 
   

   
    

—Some beauty ie skin deep and
some {fs only enamol deep.
» When: the quiet man makes a
fnoise inthe world itcounts,
—Mrs. D. Pouget-has been the guest
of her son Norman, for a few days,
—Miss Orac Odette, of Detroit, spent
the’ week-end with Mra. Albort Brown.
—Richard H. Goode, head of the
Dunbar & Sullivan Dredging Co.,

 

Déeadfal Paine All The Time Until He spent Sunday in town.
A-TIVES”.

 

: MR. LAMPSON
Verona, Ont., Nov. 1th., 1915.

"J suffered for a number of years
with Rheumatism and severe Pains in
| Side and Back, from strains and. heavy
lifting. a

When I had given up hope of ever
being well again, a friend recommended
“Pruit-a-tives” to me and after using
the first box I felt so mtuch better that
Tcontinued to take them, and now I
am enjoying the best of heath, thanks
to your remedy”.

W. M. LAMPSON.

If you—whoare reading this— have
any Kidney or Bladder Trouble, or
suffer with Rheumatism or Pain In The
Back or Stomach Trouble—give “Fruit-
a-tives” a fair trial, This wonderful fruit
medicine will do you a world of good,
as it cures when everything else fails.

50c. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 25c.
At dealers or sent postpaid on receipt
of price by Fruit-a-tivés, Limited,
Ottawa.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

 

 

 

—George Gott, harbor master, is
driving a new Gray-Dort. :
—Hubert O'Malley, of South Chi-

cago, Ill., has arrived in town to sperd
the summer.

—Mrs.-J.. 0. Durekee and babe, of
Detroit, spent a few days with her
father, Wm. Southwick.

—Mr. Webber, who .purchased the
Elliott property: down the bank, has
arrived for the summer.

—Mr. Butchell, of Delhi, is the lat-
est employee of the Canning Factory
to be looking for a house.

—Mr. Birdsell; of Delhi, is the lat-
on her numerous friends in town a
few dnys this week. Mrs. Birchard
was formerly Jessie Wright

—The steamer Wissahickon,
result of her experience with tlre
sunken steamer John Plankinton In
the Detroit river, will have thirty-nine
plates removed at the Buffalo drydock.

—Clerk Farquharson, of Tilbury
East, is ‘in receipt of a letter, from the
Provincial Treasurer stating that there
is no truth in the report-that the Pro-
vince was declining’ts fend money to
the township#for tiling,

—Thieves who’ stole an autymobile
owned by the Dominion Office Supply
Company, Walkervule, abandoned it
mear the Férd Motor Company’s plant,
Ford .City, early {Tincsday _morning,
after sprinkling If with gasoline from
the tank and setting it on fire

—The chief fenture of.. the Home

, Mission report.of the Presbyterian
General ‘Assembly at . Montréal” last
week. was the recommendation to {n-
grease tho minimum ‘stipend to mar-
ried ministers of Ontario and-Quebec
from. $1,000 to $1,200 with manse. Af-
ter an interesting and one-sided dis-
cussion. the Assembly . carried — the
resolution by a®standins vote. f

—Rey. H. A. Graham, pastor of the
Lincoln R6al Methodist church, of
Walkerville, was chosen clatrman of
the Windsor District by, delegates nt-
tending the annual Methodist Confer
ence at London, last week. {tev Robt
Hicks, pastor of London street church,
Wicdsor, was named treasurer. of tlie
district. Rev. G. Ko*ser wil sheceed
Rev. H. Bentley a3 paser of Howard
Aventtle Methodist chures,

—An extra edition of the Ontario
Gazette has been published prociaim-
ing Sunday. July 1st, as the day of
solemn and religious recognition and
requesting all «churches and Sunday
schools to fittingly commémorat® the
occasion. Monday, July 2nd, has been
prociaimed asa day of public and

* eerie demonstration. the occasion

@ing the fiftieth anniversary of Con-
féderation.
> —Your health’ depends upon your
teeth too large extent and your
testh depend upon careful cleanliness.
Decaying teeth have been the means
of many of our most common bodily
fils and it has*becn scientifically prov-

as a

  

 

en that rheumatism. stomach disor-

ders, blood diseases, etc. are fre-
quently caused because ofthe poison

‘given off by decaying teeth.
. The following item taken from the
. §iricoe Reformer of ‘Jast week has
anh Esse xsound:

#

Me re and Mr.

    

afternoon.

2

i

some

 

“sons Bank. Kingsville.
mone Be

for a Horse
Save a horse and you
won't have to buy one.
Don't sell. or destroy an:
Horse on account of
poarins Bnllat, Hingbdde,
Mine data is

Ss

 

‘His. Honor
Judge Boles, Rev. A. B. Fartey, Mr.
Carre were to hava
. ded the bowling tournament lield
at Aylmer yesterday, but Mr. Farney
not get away oe ae ennt one
funeral at which he officiated in the
J. S. Hardnig and sey-
ral others from Delhi took the places
the Simcoe gentlemen in the con-
Judge Boles for years practised
‘Yaw at Leamington; Rev. A. B. Farney
‘was rector of old Christ clrurch, Am-
herstburg, and J. 8S, Harding was for
time connected with the Molsons
ak, Amherstburg, and got his “bet-
shalf”’ in the Burg. Mr. Carre was

    

—Many a woman who thinks her-
self a beauty never succecds in con-
vineing her mirrer. F

—Miss Armstrong, of Windsor,
spent the week-end with Miss Jennie
Brown, Rankin. avenue,

—Unpt. S. A. MeCormick,
Southeast Shoal lightship, spent
furlough with his family. in town.

—Mrs. Albert Fox, wife of the late
well-known liveryman, js seriously ill
and the end is expected at any time.

—The Misses Lucille Bischlag and
Hannoh Atkin, of Detroit. spent the
week-end with Mrs. Major Murray
Thomas.

—Rey. and Mrs. A. M. Stuart have
returned from thelr honeymoon, and
will leave for their new station at
Tupperville, next week.

—Mrs. (Capt.) W. L. J, Girardin and
daughter, of Cleveland, Ohio, are
guests of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Smith, Apsley street.

—The Wyandotte Methodist Sunday
school will come to Bois Blanc to-day
(Friday). There will be an interest-
ing program of games and races at the

of the
his

}Hisland.

—Does tinything ever happen in your
district. if son send it to The
Echo and help keep~ the commun-
ity on the map. We are glad to pub-
lish news of surrounding districts to
publish abroad accounts of the doings
of its people.

—Robert Bennie, sr., of .Leaming-
ton, recelved word on. Monday that
his son, Flight-Lieut. Robert) Bennie,
of the Royal Flying Corps, was report-
ed missing. He had only. been in
France a short time. The possibility
(s that he is a»prisoner. Lieut. Ben-
nie taught school on Pelee two years
ago and was one of The Echo's most
valued correspondents,

~—Contracts have beenlet by the
Detroit & Cleveland Navigation Co,
for equipping all steamers on the line

with a water purification system’ ap-|

proved by the government. «Cost of
the installation- will -be $50,000. The
system is known asothe ultra violet
ray purification system. All germs
and bacteria are killed and expelled
from the water, which retains ‘a
plessant taste, not unlike spring
water. This method will-be used sn
every one of the D. & C. boats for
bath, cooking and drinking.

—A committee has been authorized
to investigate the situation of tne Pére
Marquette service in Kent county and
take such action and make such appli-
eation of the provinelal railway act
as,May become necessary to have the
rafiroad live up to it# obligations. In
some sections the passenger service
is less than it has been for years. The
council also decided to appeal to the

) railway commission to ascertain
whether the railways are living up to
the requirements regarding spark ar-
resters. It is claimed that fires along
the railwray lines in the. county have
been causéd by sparks from: passing
locomotives.

—"Keep on planting beans until Juiy
ist,” is the appeal sent out last week
by the ‘food preparation « board of
Michigan. Ordinarily the s@agon for
bean planting In Michigan ends June
15th, but thts year, because of ‘the
backward weather, for planting in some
séetions and the fear. of losing a crop
if planted after that @nte, farmers are
snid to be slowing up on the planting.
“Beans planted upeto July 1st will be
all right,” said W. J. Orr, one of the
committee and the reol bean. éxpert.
“Planting can continue until that time
With perfect safety. And that will
give us ample time to get in the*big¢
‘Acreage we have been promised as the
‘bean bit’ for America and democracy.”
, —Driving at high speed to eyade a
squad of police who chased. them from
Devonshire Park race track Wednes:
day night of last week, Alvin D'Hetre,
17 years old, and Vincent Masse, 16,

    

 

 

  

 

      
   

both of Windsor, were “Injured when
the automobile whica they had’ tak-
en from the track earllereinithe afrer-
noon, collided with a r Kings-
ville. The boys‘it is tole the
machine, while its ow ~ PT Clark,

Manngzer Imperint Bouk, Harrow, was
in Windsor. They objained° a
good start before’ th ecar was ‘missed,
but Constable Brown, of Kingsville,
was notified of the theft by High Coun-

  
   

ty Constable James Sm and the
Kingsville officer ‘made 2 arrégts:
D’Hetre had just completed ai alx
months’ .term Ina Toronto reforma-

tory for”stealing an autoniobiie. Mag-
{strate Kettatt heard the case ‘Friday
morning, and sentenced the lads to
six months In o Reform School.

—Among the week-end visitors” in
town we noticed:—Mrs. J. O. Peck, of
Windsor, with her parents, Capt. and
Mrs. J. J. Jarmin; Mr. and Mrs. Geo.
W. Ross, of Detroit, at the Lake*View
House; Mr. and Mrs, Fred. Wilson,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Bridwell and
babe, of Detroit, at Mrs. H. A. Ball-
ey’s; Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bailey, of
Detroit, at Mrs. Harriett Bertrand’s;
Mr. and Mrs, Beverley Westaway and
child, of Détroit, with Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Westaway; Mrs. Georgé Jones,
of Detroit, at W. H. Jones’; Mra, Alex.
Brown, of Kingsville, at, W. H. Jones’;
D. J. Barron and daughter, Miss Mar-
@iret, at Capt. Smith’s; Mr. and Mra.

  

  
    
 

loney’s; Mr. and Mrs. Sam Fox, of
Detroit, with Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Fox;
Edward and Robert Campeau, of De-
troit; Wm: Wilson and Orin Smith,
of Detroit; Miss Marguerite Pineau,
of Windsor; Miss Belle Harris, Mr.
and Mrs. William Laframboise,
Detroit. :

~—That healthy, growing girls can
live on a cost of 161-7 cents per day,

Toronto, in the last annual

  

“Now,
meals

 

sald Miss Broking.

   

     

| meals should be as we can.

-| some.”

| “Well, lots of bread and butter for

all meals.
| sugar.in the mornings.

little meat, two kinds of vo lea,

and we make a great many steam
| and milk puddings always.
d garden cer aes d extensi

‘Salads

   
  
   
 

Ray Darnell, of Detrolt, at F. J. Ma;

    
   
  

  

of

 
   
   
  
 

   
  

per capita, that fs, for food alone, ~is |
employed for some time in the Mol-} thé statement made by the superinten-
dent of the Alexandra School for Girls,
report.
“What would the average dally mena
consist of?” she was asked by one who
has long sought to reduce the high
cost of living, but did not succeed to
the extent of 161-7 cents per day.
we provide good substantial
"We try
-os far os possible to make them as
‘| wholesome and a8 muchylike home
There
is .alwnys sufficient and it {s whole-
“What are the staple foods?”

~ Neve pack ly esoeiy equal it” -
Porrldge with milk and] a child's:tender sin, owing to its
or

 
 

en at poon | purity. of

2nd and $rd.

—Bread dropped to 10 cents in
Woodstock, Saturday.

—M. BH. Brian, oity engineer of
Windsor, announced to his friends the
arrival of a baby girl at his home
Wednesday of last week.

—Damage of $50 was caused to the
new Public school in Ford City when
Lightning struck the chimney Wednes-
day afternoon of last week.

—The Union Jack Is correctly flown
only when the broad whilte part of St.
Andraw’s flag comes nenrest the top
of the pole. To have the narrow part
nearest the top is a sign of distress.

—The late William Milner, who died

at West Lorne recently, hod been a
member of the Anglican church for 55
years and during that time missed
only five Sundays from attending
chureh,
, —Miss Armstrong, af the Strathroy
Public school staff, hag taught con-
tinuously in that town for 44 years.
Miss A. is a sister of Mrs. Sweetman,
of Elford. Principal Dunsmore — has
taught in the same town for 40 years,
and Miss Stevenson for 33 yenrs.

—It is estimated that the per capita
consumption of fresh meats in Can-
ada has fallen off the present year by
nearly one-half. ~Many butcher shops
in cities and big towns havé been
forced to/close owing to the falling off
in trade on account of high prices.

—Strathroy has sunk six artesian
wells and each one ylelds a large flow
of pure water. The town Is gofng to
erect a 100,000 gallon. reinforced con-
crete reservoir.and put in a domestic
as well as fire protection system. The
water ‘will be pumped by electrically
driven pumps,

—The two farm tractors now at
work in Lambton county, under the
direction of W, P. McDonald, Agricul-
tural Representative, are doing splen-
did work. The macliine easily turns
aver 8 acres per day, which is about
five time the work one good team of
horses could accomplish. =

—Wyandotte Herald:—“Capt. “W.
H. Honor, of the Army Afedical Ser-
vice, after spending a few hours at
his- Wyandotte home, following sev-
eral weeks In Camp William Henry
Harrison, departed Friday night for

   

     

   
  
 

 

Washington, where he take, a
course in the army medfca!l school.
Capt. Honor stated that he did ‘not
know how soon he would be called

upon to cross the big pond.”

   

 
 

—One billion tons of coal is © the
omised. production for the United
@3 next year under an agreement
hed between officials of thé United

 

Mineworkers of Ame and the Coun-
cll of national defence. Equal ‘recog-
nition will be given by the Govern-

ernment heneeforth to. the mine work-

 

 

 

érs and»mihe operators and @ach will
act as a check on the o it was
decided on a conference held at Wash-

 

ington

—Thie waltz, fox trot and one step
will-continue to dH sw
three" dances, <accordi

   

 

to daneir
fourth
conventionof the ernational
ciation .of Masters Dancing
the instructors are sure of th

   

ng

g

instructors attending thé

   

     

nual

 

  

    

performance of the three damecas, it
was nooneed at the convention,
which vill continue throughomt the

week, Many new steps will be*demon-
strated. a
—To meet the growing needs of the
Department, the Windsor Board of
Education appointed ‘atiother: school!
nurse, Tuesday night, naming Miss
Josephine Allworth. She. formerly
lived in Kingsville and is a gradnite
of ‘the West Siburban hospital, Oak
Patk, Ill. She will join. the Windsor
stay in time to take up the work with |

 

  
  

 

the reopening of schools, in Septem- |

ber. The Ford City Put
to get one day aaweek o

c_ school

    

aclioo) fiurse’s time, starting.in Sep-|
tember. |
—Ontario is to em at least six
thousand men in build good roads |
afterathe war, according to an an-
nouncement by a. McLean, Deputy | x"

 
   

Mi

   
  

r of Highways
Warden Horell

at

a conference

 

 

  
  
   
 

 
  

Simcoe “County Qoungil».at Alligon4 *
last weeky “Our department is seek
Ing to interest the public in good}
roads,” lie said) “with a view to great-
ty eMending the work after the war,
and the enp! ant of si usd
men, or the equivalent of sfx ~bitgal-
liona, «will i ep Vo"
wards equa uation

which avil ith us after

the war.”

SATISFIED MOTHERS

No*-other medicine

gives
satisfaction to mothers
Baby's Own Tablets. These Tablets
are equally good -fon. the newborn
babe or the growing child. They are
absolutely free from injurious drugs
and cannot possibf* do harm—always
gook* -Concerning them Mrs. Jos.
Monreau, St, Pamphile, Que., writes:
“I have used Baby’s:Own Tablets and
am well satisfied with them ,and
would use no other medicine for my
little, ones.” The Tablets. are sold
by médicine dealers or by mall mt 25
cents a box from The Dr., Willinms’
Medicine Co,, Brockville, Ont.

as great
as does

A FABLE.

 

.Vhen Ham set out the grape vine,
Stan poured on’ it the, blood of a
peacock. When the leaves began to
appear he poured over it the blood of
an ape. WWWen the grapes began ‘to
form he watered them with the blood
of a lion, and upon the ripe fruit he
spilled. the blood of a pig. Hence
the first glass makes the drunkard re-
semble a peacock, hig face turns red
and he struts; the second glass makes
him act like an ape, the third glass
makes him rage like o lion, and the
fourth glass makes him wallow in
the mire’ like a hog.

ee

CHILD

‘will not auffor with sunburn or heat’
Air

 

    
   

 

  

rash if you use Zam-Buk. ©

The Superintendent of S. A. Fresh:
Camp at Clarkson's, Ont., saya:
“We always keep a supply of
Zam-Buk at our Children’s Camp.

‘We use it constantly for sunburn, -
“insect stings and bites, as well as”

 

 

‘<Bssex Howling tournament July’

y ascthe “big |

 

 

a Windsor)

and members. of | =

  

DISMISS WALKERS’ APPEAL.
alte Court diviston in To-
ron Dhaest of last week dismiss-}
ed the appal of H. Walker & Sons,
of Walkervile, from the decision of
the Ontario Railway: and Muntelpal
Board, fixings business assessment‘ of |
$800,000 on their Walkerville prem- |
ises, Walker & Son's claimed that
they siould be assessed as warelouse-

man and not distillers.

 

—t
1. O. O. F, DISTRICT MEETING.

 

 

The June meeting of Reld District

No. 1, 1.0,0.F.. was held at Walker- |-

ville on Wednesday of last week with
D..D. @ M, Euos MeCauland presid-
ing, and the following delegates pres-
eut:—Wm. Lee and G, F. Hill, of Es-
sex; L. ‘Vi-Sitisac, of Amherstburg;
G. W. Duffy and G. Edwards, of Wind-
sor; Walter Chater and W. J. Peole.
ot Walkerville; James McMurron. of
South Woodslee, and C. G Beattie. of
Comber. The reports of the iiierent
lodges in the district showed a good
increase in membership. J. A. Pier-
gon was elected D..D. G. M,, and Wina-
sor was chosen as place of n°x: meet:
ing on the third Wednesday ‘in Sep-
temper. The meeting passed a reso-
lution thiit the lodges In the district
ciscuss in their meetings tne matter
of memortalizing Grand Lodgs to w!th-
draw their recoguition of the Rellef
Association. The rates of insurance
in this society has been {nereased to
meet present day demands

The annual District Meeting of Erie
District No, 2, 1. 0. O..F.,,was held in
Ruthven on Wednesday of last week.
Representatives were present from
every lodge in tlie district except Met-
lin. The reports of the D, D. G. M. and
of the various committees showed that |
Oddfellowship in the district was in a
thriving prosperous condition, Not-
withstanding the losses from deaths,
removels and otherwise, the district
showed a net gain of nineteen in
membership. The financial statement
showed. that thé combined assets of
the six lodges in the district amounted
to over $46,000 ‘more than the Mabil-
tles. Ways and méans of making the
district meeting of more real benefit

 
   

 

to Oddfellowship were also discussed.
One speaker ventured the friendly
criticism that the district meetings

were drifting too much towards rou-
tine affairs instead of being real live
gatherings in the interests/of the or-
der in general. “The-race for the of-
fice of D. D. G. proved very Inter-
-esting and was ly won by Bro. J.
Dy Malott, Rutt by two votes over.
Bro. George Wigle, of Leamington.
Kingsville was cliosen as the place for
the next annual meeting,

 

 

 
 
    

 

 

   

=—

GALE AT BLENHEIM.

 

Two Big Coal Hoists Blown Over—

Loss $200,000.

 

On Wednesday night of last week
one of the flercest. wind storms,
companied by lightning and torrents of
rain, passed over Blenheim, but was
1ore severe. to tlie south, and espec-
ally at. Erfean, where the two Jarge
cpal hoists of the Lake Erie Goal Com-
pany were blown over and put out of
business. The hoists had been up for
jmany years, and it is thought the
| foundations trad become weak

This is a heavy loss, as the hoists
were large and are said to have’ cost
in the mee ae of $200,000: They

were used { "sloading the large
Bessemer ferry.) mats plying between
Conneaut, Oh gee Eriexu and. Port

From Ertenu the coal was
taken by the Pere Marquette Railway
by way of Blenheim and distributed
t6 various*parts. of Qntario and else-
where. “The loss wii no Goubt bey
sreat to the rallwny company o8 well

  
 

  

 
  
  
 
 
  
 

    
 

iat deljvérvd the coal, as it {¢ ex-
pected that the holsts will havo to be
|rebufft, which may: take several
months, Just what will bo done with
the ferries {n the meantime iy nat
it is Int{mnted that the

may. ‘tske over one of

service, One came _i

  

ih coal Tourtday night afie:
* storm) ~ Quite a ; umber of
live at-Erivau, familics of
o5 Of the cu.zpany. Farming

-oh were in fall swing,
tad to halt as much of
is souced.and will tare

oO getPint} shape fer

pl
spPericionsy W
have again
the’ ground
several days
working.

 

 

COUNTY COURT

 

At Sandwich.

 

It was d “valuable” dog, the plain-
tiff claimed. It was a: “noreccount”
dog that chised the horses, argued
the defendants, accused of ktiling the
dog. Judge Dromgole. in County
Court at Sandwich, was agked to give
judgment on the value. Fred. Amon-
ite, of Pelee Island,sued. A. J. Ouel-
lette and his son Henry, algo of Pelee,
for $100 damnges because Henry Oudl-
lette shot Amonite's, dog. The de-
fense was that the dog was shot un-
intentionally while it and other dogs |
were harrassing and injuring horses
and cattle belonging to the defendant.
Henry Ouellette offered to pay Amon-
ite $10 with which to buy @ more use-
ful dog, but this. was refused and ac-
fion fojlowed. Judge Dromgole gave)
judgment for $10 and Division Court
costs, alloWing defendant a set-off for
the difference between Division and
County Court costs, svill. likely
méan that the plaintif€ will have to
pay More than the amount-of the
Judgment. Furlong & Awrey — for

 

   
  
   

    
 

ants, a

The jury case of Gronmiller vs.
Knister, an action for alleged illegal
dole. and» seizure ‘ander a chattel
mortgage, was di ed with costs,
Rodd & Co. for plaintiffa, F. B. Geddes
for ‘defendant. Ty shee
Judge Dromgola allowed - judgment
to the plaintiff for $1 costs in’
the case, ot Everlof ya. Jackson and
othér trustees of the A’ M. B church.
Bartlet & Co. for) > Kerby &
Twigs for defondants, ~ ator
* The case of B. G
Dr. C. L. Faller ford
was reached inte ‘Thu
Mr, Milligan sued for
ing repairs and C
jaged car, on ate
last. December at
and Pellaster,
The“ plaintit a

  

 
 
   
 
 
      
 
  
    
 
   

 
 
 

  
 

  

 

for cuts, bruises and sores, and be {travelling

eciemeiuaes a reat

negligence on

 

ace],

Fs

    
  
       
  
   
    
      
   
      
      
  
   
   
           

plaintiff; Kerby & for dofend- };

  
  
    
     
  
    
   
  
 
    

 

  

   
 
    
  
  
  
 
  

Pure Cane. Fine Granula-

 

 

 

a bag ov cartoa to 4 =
snsis'S tion. Order by name from
Refineries Limited your grocer.
~ MONTREAL 10, 20 & 100-Ib. eacke—2 &'5-Ib. cartons
4 - 137
EEE EEE EEE EEE bepebdeettt

WE HAVE IN STOCK

WOODEN EAVETROUGH,
BEAVER BOARD.

Place your osder with us and save money

JOHN FRASER >

 

EEEEEEG EEE EEEEEE EEE EEE EEE EEE

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,

RUBBEROID ROOFING,

FESR EEEEE EEE EE EEEEEESEEESEES

es Planing Mill and Lumber Yard
AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
debe deshab bebe iok esha bsebobeh eheeeeeeel h eee bee ele

 

 

A LIFE SAVER,

 

What comes. nearest to your home, if it isn’t the QUALITY
OF BREAD served on your .table daily ?

Have you tried the merits;of CURTIS’ BREAD.

If not, you’ave missed the greatest life saver in the home.

Try a Loaf To-Day !

The

  

 

Baker
The Model Bakery RHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont} B**

 

PhP pt etett+tt4+t MOTHER'S BREAD +44 hit b bbe rhb

Can We Not Tempt You To
Taste the Goodness of Our

ONEY BACK’
BREAD |

. The superior quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite. ;

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,
80 much-desired, but rarely found,in most breads.

" We want you to be skeptical in buying this bread.

Tray it out—if it doesn’t happen to be all that we say
it is—why, then, your Money Back.

Made only and guaranteed hy

NEA BAKING CO. Ltd.

Phone 59. © WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave
Some; CoE MIMS ATI Meroe ait ec ye

Sold in Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co. In McGre ,
and G. Langis & Son. -- 4 . oe ees pret

Le

 

 

 

é

eee MOTHER'S . BREAD sede peepee

  

PPE EEEPE EEE EEE:

 

 

2 Royal Purple Stock Specific
* Roup Cure, ~ Chick Feed, —
-. Stock Specific, ;
Calf Meal & Worm Powders

Liniment. ae

= ae nie tas OL on
3s Phoay'07 = AMHERSTBURG

 

    
   

ay

 
  

 

b-e+MOTHER'S BREAD H++44--4bebbtteebes

ae ‘

YAHLOW FEE ree et heh beet

 

 
         

ESTEE EEPEEE EEE ETE EFE ES GVEH 8,

    
  
 

  
  
  
  

 

OMce: Corner of
BStreota. next Oddfellows’ Hall, and

east of Post OMce, Amherstburg, pag Bloc!

 

Toronto University, Lic,
ins and Burgeons 5
Gore and Apsley: esis one

it
Anihoratbufg, 7’ Opposite Town

__ BH. ABBOTT, M.D.
Pateowstn AND SURGEON, Graduate o

D tol; 1:50 to 6.80 p.m,
Richwond and Ramsay

DR. 0. TEETER, MB,
HYHICIAN AND SURGEON Graduateos
i coe Sart

   
  

  

at
a

   

 
 
 
    

Queen's University, Ki *
yalcians and ‘Surgeons, Ontaris po ege

O¢ residence, Corner Rankin

Dalhoust jt:
Amherstburg." (gppoalte:

DR. T. JAMES PARK.

HYSICIAN AND 2
P burg, Oiitario, AUESEON, Avitiarst

pet Cura OA ee tesa
WM. A. McDONALD, MB,

Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat,
CONSULIATION HOURS
10a. np P. m i
an
73 Victoria ayer nD ne 160
WINDSOR - - ONTARIO
EN ARIO
DR. A. E. STEWART,
HYSICIAN AND SURGEON, Graduato ot
Toronto Univemity. — Office, MoGregor,
Ont: Bell Folophone 18-r 21: Colchestar
Fon rel pone F 21; Sdndwich Sou

DR. W. C. DOYLE, M.D.
W.C, DOYLE, SM. D.,.C. M., F
Diiogemraiat 2 Wistar tae
and Surgeons of Ontario. Office te rae ae
ofresidence on Talbot Streot, next to the

co In basement
Electric Ry waiting room, Essox. X-ray in

connection. Special attont
diseases of women and pugeee given, 0

a et dale de
FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A.
BAkestes Solleltor, Notary Pubite, Con-
painDtelesireai,Aiauarttbargs aa ion os
pate 3 eorstburg, #47 Money ta
——S>—-
FRED. H. A. DAVIS
ARRISTER, Roiloltor” was Public, Con-

veyancors &c. Office, many
Amborstburg.’ Money to ae + eciad:

BARTLET & BARTLET,

RARRISTERS, Solteito: 0.

B Davin. Block, Windyok Monee eee
Wari th Here BA

Gro, A. Unqumant, Waccuen: ;

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,
BARS reRsS, PigITORs, ETO., J.

+B, A, County Crown
torney and Clerk of the
of Essex EE §, Wale, ee Ree fonay

McHugh. Offices Victoria Hldck Windesr,

: DAVIS & HEALY.

Avenue

     
 

  
  
   

 

| PARRISTERS, SOLISTERS, NOTARIES,
Brkt Money to Loan. Medley Block.

FF. D, Davin, B. AL A. F. Healy,

JAMES B, McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Ete,
B Building, Windsor, Ont. pera sded
loan on farm property at lowest current rates

ee EN ee cla
. >), FRANK W. WILSON.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, “Notary Pub!

B and Gonvosaducer, (of the. Ontario an
British Columbla Bars.) Money to loan on
Farm Property at lowest rates of interost,
OmMice LaBelle Building, Corner Ouellette
and London Sts., Windsor, Ont, Phone 2351
—

W. A. SMITH, LL. B. ©.

RISTER, SOLICIT N ETO,
Ingaville, Onte ee P

JAMES S. LAIRD,

ROVINCIAL Land Surveyor and County

Engineer. Office, Di
atairs) Town of Euox’Onn pbose tay

 
  
  
  
 
   
 

Sy ICENSED Auctioncets for Ease:
Office at Harrow?fOntario, oe
CHARLES CLARK. GEORGE ATKIN,

S. RENAUD,

P LR OD Ae Se A LT | for sale
. For terms, ote.,
to him or address Amherst burg Po” apply,

JOHN REAPMAN, »

SSUDER of Marringe Licenses for thi
af of Essex “Harrow Ont, ee eae

 

High Class Monomenta a Speciality.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

C, A. CULLEN, Propristor,
~ Write for Prices.

LEAMINGTON, ONT

[>

(3. suTTON & sons |

Funeral Directors ;

Phone 275

 

House of quality. ail
Auto equipment whon desired. |

Ouellette Ayo. WINDSOR. Ont,

143
~ Phono

   
 

 

5. W.& A. RAILWAY

SUMMER ‘TIME TABLE.

Care run on Eastern Standard Time.
In effect. May 23rd, 1917.

i o 2 3 4
8 Fo Ew EF gg.
a 3 42.45 9-2:
agit RR a bee u 6

715 8.15 616 7.15 7%:

815 9.15 815 9.16.

9.15 10.15 915° 10.15

OMG 11.16 10.16 11,36

1015 15

p.m. ©
15 p.

Waterworks)

  
   
 
 

    
   
   
    
        

   

ra

Y

AG

’

 

\

 

 

  
    
   
 

 

  
 
 
 
  
     
  

it
it.
or

id
a)

“wo

 

  
 
 
 

  
   

 
   
   
      
 

 

    
 

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been
’ in use for over over 30 years, has borne the Signature of
and has been made under his per-
Sonal supervision since its infancy.

Qin Allow no one'to deceive you in this,

All Counterfeits, Imitations and “ Just-as-good” are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of

What is CASTORIA

Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Par
Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant, It contains
neithes Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance, Its
age is its guarantee. For more than thirty years it has
been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency,
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea ; allaying Feverishness arising
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children’s Panacea—The Mother's Friend.

GENUINE CASTORIA Atways

Bears the Signature of

 
 

  
 

In Use For Over 30 Years

The Kind You Have Always Bought

{ = The CENTAUR COMPANY, NawvonK City,

 

 

CANADIAN NEWS.

‘WHY OATMEAL VARIES - [ :

‘Only One-Third of the Oats Are Fit| to rebuild any wooden bridges till af-
ter the war.

Dr, A. B. Thompson, Stoney Creek,

 

 

 

To make a really delicious oatmeal, one

must use justthe pinmp, rich grains, Com-
mon oatmeal, made of oats as they ran, | ¥2% nominated as candidate for the

lacks flavor and richness. And it lacks, |/ODtario Legislature by South  Went-

above all, that wealth of energy clement | Worth Liberals,

which makes one “feel his oats. An acetylene tank exploding in the
Thousands of people cat catmeal without | store of H, H. Wheeler, at Holland,

ever knowing what 9 vim:producing food '

itis. They never know how enticing it can Sed ae ee Ghee of his two
be. They buy oats in bulk without even a . > i

brand on them to guarantee the gradethey | A‘fire on the Sarnia river front

wiped out six large ice houses own-
ed by We A. Brown, also the Cleve-

t.
eThe choicest oats are sifted 62_times in
tting the grains used for Quaker Oats.
mly ten pounds in a bushel—the choicest

a tax gasoline boat.
Guus je tinest oats is Bord cnough fom) oe Mig Miaps, Led Mintics and

The Quaker process makes these grains | Baby ~ Kosonam;- employed in Merrit-
into an ont food-worth having. One who | ton, were drowned in Welland Canal
once cats it will never agmin care foracom: | at St. Catharines when they plunged

mon‘oatmeal. F into it In their°motor car while’ the
‘NOats are the vim-producing food. But | ving bridge was open.

they who get the utmost effects ase the Coincident with’ tho dbcie(Onsto

it ker Oats,
on tuad ie Canade. ‘2 am |lower the standard of height for re-
_ ‘}cruits for horse~and field artillery
Ss.

FISH N E’ to 5 feet 3 inches comes the. an-
' Ne "

nouncement that all; recruiting for

 

 
  

    
   
   
  

 

the artillery is to be discontinued.

Raymond Bachman, 24, of - Erije,
Pa:, was ‘killed, another May die and
four were severely injured and many
bruised, as a result of a motorcycle
touring party. colliding with an auto-
mobile at, Deadman’s Cornér at Ninx-
gara Falis;

Sir John Willison, who has been,

editor-in-chief of the Toronto News
for. fifteen years,-has retired from his
connection with that paper~ for the
ostensible purpose of devoting more
time to-his correspondence for the
London Times.
f If the weather {s favorable, On-
toria’s potato crop this year will be
Jarger than in an average year and
considerably uarger than that of last
year, according toa statement au-
thorized by Sir William: Hearst, Pre-
mier and Minister of Agriculture.

While riding on the head end of an
M.C.R. train near Canfield, . Monday,
Brakeman Joseph Grainger saw_.the
body of a young hott re pceseitie

thé tracks. The anim een cut
: ae Re ee Hentoae ofsatis | Completely in two by an earlier trip,

living testimonials] I¢ is thought that the bear escaped
Betrabive Option Parle , Main 86. Kingevil)

Issuer of ge Licenses.

  
  

 

oops
ted
406 HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO.

  
  
 

  

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR
PRACTICAL Embalnier. Murray St

5 ight.
Amborstburg. Day or a pnt Ss

   

          
  
   
    
   

CHAS. LEGGETT

@/from the park at Port Rowan.
Hon,-C. J. Doherty has given notice
of a bill to amend the act passed last
year in aid of provincial prohibition
legiplatiom by: restoring the clauses of
the act cut out by the Senate last

   
   

©. P. R, Ticket Agent.

viding. for summary seizure of liquor
in the possestion of any one charged
with infringement of: the provincial
law.

Douglas* (Happy) Milliken, aged 12,
died in St. Joseph's hospital; London,
as the result of an automobile acc!

 

   
    
 
  
   
   
   

BC gs ae dent attended by unusual. ciroum-
DR. W. He McBRIDE, |stances. ‘While riding his. bicycle
: along a driveway of the Kingemill

Veterinary Surgeon.

farm toward the public road, as the
mod and residence ? Dalhounte atrect south

wear : Gere boy saw a motor car approaching, in
4 Mies Calla manwered dey ralght. atte to walt until it pnased, ho seized:

bt.
ee Be ee peer: ae an overhanging branch, A. M. Smort,
ees | driving the auto, had no warning of

: red th
. 7 7 sa lanes fg ee tee ee held
te LET US QUOTE YO Ei broke, precipitating him in front of
a ; ; ~~ El the car, both wheels of-which passed
| ON ISS toa ‘re. SomuctMiiiven and
ace : # | of. Mr. b
- Trompe, sninctes,
| LATH, FRAMES, SASH,
DOORS, ETC.
- Canadian “Brand Wall Board.

nickname indicated his popularity
at St. ‘George's -school.
Oak Finish Wall {Board.
Bishopric Lath, Board.”

 

   
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
     
 

will be held,
>There is an agitation throughout
the country to influence) Sir Robert
Borden to dismiss his Minister, Mr.
Sevigny, on the ground that when re-

Mtiring from the -Speakership—which
tie paste: never to brve held—shawed

‘an utter lack of whet was due to him-
‘self'and the soto He carried away

 
 

 

Can and refused to return them
iv ts admonished by the: ber
geont-at-arme, ‘Its no defence to say
aan ae aod articles Bee! not
isreat. . Mry.
‘was the subject of t

nae; of Commons. on Friday.

c for ‘appointing to

aecountont in th

Raoul

 

 
   
 

Jiike enermous

land Mills stables, an-ice scow and a |}

 

   
  
   
 
    
  
 
  
 

| four hours a day, and will be paid $36

year, with an additional clause pro |‘

 

 

     
  
   

No inquest },

‘and had shipped to his home articles}
nt turhthare which were the property |:

   
  

“NEEDS OF noee.

od

Red Cross headquarters are calling
all women to respond to an ap-
peal fo) the supplies which alleviate
the sulerings of the men who ‘have
risked 1/f.and health for us: The fol-
lowing sipplies are required. In un-
Vimited quintitiea;—Socks, union flan-
nel shir® With collars; pyjamas;
dressing EOwWns; housewives, towels;
Pillow-sID5, sheets; gauze and cotton
in bulk; bed-socks (either knitted or
high overshoes of
flannel] o any warm, washable mater-
fal. In smaller quantities:—Pneu-
monia jackets (cheese cloth, wadded
with absorbent cotton), khaki slings
(trianguvar bandages, 44 inch), flan-
nel binders and bandages (4 inches
wide and 6 yards long); stump stock-
ings. Patterns may be obtained at the
Head ojitce. A large increase in the
demand {or supplies is to be expected,
not only for overseas work, but for
Military Hospitals in Canada.

EIGHT MEN KILLED
WHEN SHIP WAS SUNK

 

     
 

 

 

British Steamer Southland Torpedoed
Without Warning by U-Boat. ;
Londof, June Sth.—The British
steamer Southland, from Liverpool for
Philade|phia, in ballast, was torpedoed
without warning on June 4th. She had

-aix Americans on board, one of whom

is missifg. The gun crew on the
Southland fired ten.shots at the sub-
marine affer the first torpedo was
fired. A gécond torpedo was fired by
the subma@rine and it caused an ex-
plosion im the magazine which killed
eight men..

Two bowts containing 40 men are
stil misaig. The rest of the-erew
of 159 have been landed,

—
WINDSOR.

Funersil services for Joseph . C.
Teno, Windsor politician, ‘who died in
Hotel Dieu, Windsor, Monday morn-
ing, were held Wednesday morning of
last week in St. Alphonsus’ church,
Windsow. Mempbers of the Knights of
Columbws were pallbearers,

Six-yeatr-old’ Alvin Schuchard, son
of Georwe Schuchard, 185 Sandwich
street wiest, an engineer on one of;the
river ferries, was drowned at 9.30
o'clock Satu¥day Saturday night, when
he fell through a hole in the Michigan
Centrall slip dock. He was fishing
from tine dock with his brother Albert,
8 years old. The body wag recovered
an hwur later.

Mis. Ernest Lane, 116 Dougall ave-
nug, Windsor, received word Friday
afternoon that her brother, Sergt.
Hewbert Heathers, had been killed in
actiion at, the front, Shortly before
reveiving the telegram a letter came
firom him saying he was well. He was
jin the employ of the Burroughs Add-
ing Machine Go,, Detroit, when he en-
listed in the 99th Battalion, Windsor,
for overseas service.

Thomas.  Glassco, brother of Ed-
ward Glnssco,. proprietor of the
Windsor Athletic Club, Pitt street
east, which was raided by police
early Sunday morning and 23. gam-
blers arrested, wos fined $100 and
costs, Wednesday morning by Magis-
trate Leggatt in Windsor police court.
Glassco was found’ guiity of operating
a gaming place. The23 men found
in the place were each fined $5 and
costs Monday.

Use of portable school buildings to
/chre for the overflow of Public school
|| pupils that is. certain when the fall

term begins is contemplated by the
Public School Board of Windsor. It

 

 

 

was planed to use the old oity light-
ing plant on Pelissler street for tem-

porary clossnoom, but it yas found
ji that this) building -without
wholly remodelled, connot be, used,
find the plan-has been abandoned for
the present. After ‘Inspector “Robert
Weade submits a repdrt showing the
estimated incréase in pupils after the
sumimer vocation, the board will .de-
cide ‘on some plan to provide addition-
aY A@commodation. ; :

Cojmplaining because not a, single
retuned ‘soldier was -employed as
temjporory immigration officer to deal
wifth race track patrons at the Wind-
for ferry, docks last week, Windsor
members of the Great War Veterans’
association will forward protests to
Ottawa. It is alleged that Travelling
| Inspector Reynolds and ‘other ‘offi-
@fals who had -charge of employing
& temporary staff, ignored’the claims
of returned men and appointed politi;
cal friends of the governmental party.
| Bight extra officers are working about

 

 

for the seven days, according to an
officer of the Windsor branch of the
¥oldiers’ society.

Friction between citizens’ of Wind-
8O/r and the Ganadigan immigration of-
fichalg recently sent to Windsor from
Otvewa to enforce: the order in council
Prohibiting men of military age from
leaWing Canada, reached an acute
st®%e Thursday afternoon when mem-
bers of border Chamber of Commerce
ApPointed a committee consisting of
‘yor Tuson, O. B. Fleming, K. C., A.
¥. Healey, barrister, and A. ©. Smith,
merch6ént, to draft messages of pro-
test *to ‘be sent to the Government.
“These men know nothing of condi:
"fons on this border,” declared one of
the speakers, “and {t seems. that the
hénds of the’ immigration department
are as ignorant. Business mem who
have lived jn Windsor for years aro
Subjected to insults, and persécution
byithese men from Ottawn, and sev-
eral citizens have been obliged “to
forego important ‘business —engage-
ments in Detroit because of the meth-
od6 used by these officious job ‘hold-
ers.” Another resolution approving of.
the Government’s plan to conscript
man power, but. with o clause urging
the conscription of all the country's
resources in addition to compulsory)
Military service, was adopted. 5

"+; (MEN FOR FARMS.
Indications point to the success of

sthe Ontario Organization of Resources’
Committee and allied organizations 1n |

  
 

 

 

   

farms of the province from new
sources: to mect the present emor-

 

  

 
  
 
   
   
    
    
    
  
   
 
  
   
    
   
     
     

being

 
   
 
 
  
  

 
    
  
    
  

 

   
   
   

pwife asle
‘hair and he

      

itheir effort to recruit labor for the]

ia aw) a

—Mre, ‘Birdgell ‘hes
band in town, =

 
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
   

   

Windsor, are visiting his parents, this
week, ‘

—Miss Daisy Kelly, of Windsor,
apent this week with Mrs. Allen, Erie
‘Beach, Malden.

—Fred. Nugent, motor expert for
Dodge Bros. Detroit, is nursing. a
badly lacerated thumb and resting up
in town for a few weeka,

—The tug Marion PB: Trotter and
Dunbar’s derrick Handy Andy went
to the St. Clair flats on Sunday and
raised the U. 8. Government patrol
boat that was sunk there.

—A dividend of $191.20 will be paid
to each $100 stockholder of the
Windsor Masonic | Temple Associa-
tion, after Juné 26th. The associn-
tion purchased property at Ouellette
avenue and London street for $25,000
and turned {t over to a syndicate at a
profit of $52,000, i

—River resort® were the Mecca for
thousands of Detroiters Sunday de-
spite the coolness of the weather.
Steamship lines inaugurated their reg-
ular summer schedule, and boats will
be in operation to all the resorts until
Labor Day. Many outof-town sight-
seers spent the day. in town.

—The Michigan state board of edu-
cation, after advertising for coal for
the four state Norman schools, his
been compelled to buy in the open
market, as no bids were received. Jn
previous years the board secured bids
below market prices owing to the
large quantity needed, This yexr fol-
lowing advertisements with no results,
the board wrote letters to every large
coal dealer and ‘to-mjnes and in most
cases did not even receive a reply.
As a result the conl bill for the Nor-
mal schools this year will be several
thousand dollars greater than in for-
mer years.

—Three moré new professors of a
rank equal to’ those of any Canadian
university have just been appointed
by the Western University, London.
This with the other notable advance-
ments made at the Western in recent
years will guarantee that students
can now secure as good courses in
Arts and Medicine at the Western. as
are given anywhere in the Dominion.
Professor William Sherwood Fox, Ph.
D., of John Hopkins University, a
Canadian, is the, new Professor of
Classics; Professor Arthur A. Living-
ston, Ph. D., now Professor of Ro-
mance Languages at Columbia Uni-
versity, New York, will teach Spanish,
French and Italian, The third of the
appointments just made is that of
Professor Walter B. Ford, Ph, D., as
Professor of Mathematics.

—The Sarnia Observer says with-
out comment:—“A young Sarnia min
applied at. the immigration office the
other day for ‘a. passport to enable
him to visit his sweetheart over in
Port Hurqn.. He was told to have
the object of his affections visit him
on this side of the water.” Now there

is absolutely no good reason why that-

young man, or any other young man

should be refused a passport to go

over the river to see the object of his
“affections, It sounds very much like
the \attitude adopted by the special

officer sent from Ottawa. who made

himself, so offensive in Windsor that

a protest lodged), by Mayor Tuson re-
It has since de-

sulted in his recall.
yeloped that he was. a “half baked”

employee of the Immigration Depart-
ment, subject to! fits of mental aber-
ration, and a wholesseries of attacks

got him in, dutch’ at° Windsor.

CO-OPERATION TO DEAL
“ WIT.
esa

With U, S. Official.

ary to tackling the fuel situation in
Canada, C, A. Magrath,
pointed fuel controller, has spent the
past few days in Weshington con-
sulting with the United States fuel
controller,

On his return Mr. Magrath. said
the American ‘authorities are dis-
posed to’ co-operate. with Canada in
solving the common problem of
‘fuel. scarcity. {

No embargo on coal
Canada is contemplated, but joint
action will be taken to .co-ordinate
the needs and the supplies of both
countries,

Mr. Magrath ‘desires that every
Canadian consumer” of bituminous
coal immedjately write him — at Ot-
tawa, stating the ‘quantity: of coal
he has been consuming, the quantity
he will require during. this summer
and the coming winter. *

AMERICAN NEWS.

The report that Kansas. wheat crop
would De 70 million bushels sent wheat
down 6 or 7 cents on Chicago mar-
ket. The estimate for Kansas was
only 45,000,000 bushels.
ports also brought down
oats.

Guilty of ‘violating the» Canadian
immigration Ihws .by smuggling two
alien enemies into the Dominion, Har-
old Dressen, thirty yenrs of age, a
taxi driver of Detroit, was fined $100
and, cosps by Magistrate Miers, in
Walkerville police court, For enter-
ing the Dominion without registering,
the Austrians were ench fined $50 and
costs, and ordéred deported.

’ Mra. Cora Hawkitis, colored, aged
22, was brutally murdered in Detroit
on Friday by “her husband, James
Hawkins, aged 28 Hawkins, ofter’
Killing his wife, turned’ thé revolver
upons himself and> was found ying
dead across his Wifo's*body,. The cou-

export to

corn and

 

 

  
      
  
  

 
 
   
  
 
  
   
  

   
   
  
      
   
   
    
   
   
 

ple resided at 70 Mullett street, De-

‘troit, and fealousy is said to hove been
the cause of the tragedy, Hawkins
was employed by the Detroit and
Cleveland Navigation Company. He
returned ‘to his home and found -h
i He*selzed her by th

ler while he fired one
shot into her head and another into
her throat. Hawkins then held’ the,
pistol to his right tempo and

the ‘trigger. Ho died ins

  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

—Stanley Lafette, wife and babe, of

  
   
   
    
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
    
       
       
   
    
    
     
     
    
   
 
    
   
 
    
    
    
  
   
 
     
    
  
    
     
      

FUEL PROBLEM
Canadian’ Controller in Consultation
Ottawa,-June 18th.—As a prelimin-

newly ap-

            
       
    
   
    
  
       

  

     
  
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
   
   
  

   
   
    
 
     
  

The good re-},

  
        
   
   
    

   

   
   
      
 

   
   
  
 

 
  

 
       
    
 

 
   
  
   
    
   
  
  

:he-can; ho earns his coin in toil and]

  
   
   
  
 
   

aj speculator stands, n robber reaching

(plenty ‘
)around, by speculators’ and” their)

KINGSVILLE WATER’ 6UPP

¢

 

(From the Reportor.)

“The Government recently made a
proposition to the town to have it
supply the fish hatchery with water
either pumping direct from the town
mains or by Jaying a pipe from the
hatchery to the settling basin. With
a view to finding out whether- our
plant was of sufficient capacity to
warrant entering into’a contract the
water board Jast week made a test
ft the pumping station with the fol-
lowing results: The valye in the in-
take flowing into the tank was closed
and the pump started running for
three hours. The tank was lowered
six feet elght and a half inches. The
pump was stopped and valve in intake
opened and it took just three hours
for the water to come back to normal
level in the tank. The pump was run-
ning at the rate of thirty strokey per
minute, which {s not full capacity by
any means, This showed very clearly
that supplying the fish hatchery with
between, 200 and 350 gallons per min-
yite for twenty-four hours would be
entirely out of the question with the
present intake and the proposition of
the Government was not entertained
by the water board. It looks like a
wise decisjon under the circumstances,
A contract entered into with the Goy-
ernment for supplying so much water
might put the town to thousands of
do)lars expense to carry out, Further,
our pump is not yet satisfactory for
town service. It has n capacity of
850 gallons per minute and running
at normal speed now only gives 150
gallons. The fuel bill for pumping
Jast month was $109; ten dollars more
than the corresponding month last
year. May was ao wet month; there
was no street sprinkling ~ and the
pump. is in as good conditionvas it is
possible to put it and still we are not
getting the service we should have.
Strathroy, with a population of 3,000,
pumps its water for domestic use at
a_cost of $500 per annum for current
in an electric pump, using’ perhaps
double the quantity of water that is
supplied to Kingsville. In view of
paust experience with our pumping
plant, it begins to look as though we
will‘not have an efficient service until
a néw pump is installed.” ‘

Strathroy is not a fair comparison.
The water from the waterworks there
js not used for domestic purposea,,
The G. T. Ry is the big user, in addf-
tion to street sprinkling, lawns and
fire purposes. The town fs now put-
ting down drive wells for a domestic
supply. They use Hydro for power,

   
   
 

  
  

TITLES IN DISFAVOR.

 

    
   
   
    
 

If a man wishes to bring down upon
himself the disapproval of the press
and ‘the people of Canada, one effect~
ive way in which he can do itis to ac-
cept an hereditary title. It was only
a few months ago that a flood of pro-
test and unfavorable comment came
at the bestowal.on a Canadian of such
a title,

“In the free democaracy of Canada,”
Mr. Rowell said at that time, “we
are not improving conditions by im-
porting hereditary titles pasting from
father to son. If this is the first, 1
hope it may also be’ the last.” This
statement and the sentiments express-
ed_im {t, were echoed and re-echoed
throughout Canada. The Ottawa Jour- |,
nal Press (Consenvative) said, “The
public attitude in Ganada is well ex-
pressed in the comment of Mr. Row-
ell,” and the Christian Guardian said
that they would like to second with all
the emphasis they might, the remarks
made by Mr. Rowe.) regarding the
granting of Canadian hereditary titles.

‘Now there is another “flood of pro-
test because another hereditary title
has been granted. “A lot of Cheap
John titles in the’paper this morning.
They are getting as common as dande-
lions,” was. the comment ofthe To-
ronto ~Telegram. “The hereditary
title should be kept ont of Canada.
This country does not want a ‘little
aristocracy of its own,” was the com-
ment ‘of the Mail & Empire, and the

    
  
   
 

    
  
     
    
    

    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
    
   
  
   
 
 
    

    
   
  
 
  

tion, The Toronto, Star pofnts out
that at the recent conferenec tif Wash:
ington, France was represéentéd by M.
Vivionf, Great Britain by Mr. Balfour,
The United.States by Mr. Wilson and |,
Mr. Lansing, and . Canada by SIR
Thomas White and’ SIR George Fos-
ter. In this case these are only life
time titles. “NO matter what may be
said about them” the Star thinks
“there is surely no defence, for this
new practice of distributing hereditary
Htles in Canada.” “They “are con-
ferred,” says the Star, “in defiance of
public opinion that is, we venture to

say, practically) universal throughout
Canada,” ‘

  
   
 

    
 

      
    
   
  

    
 
   

  
   

ON THE FARM.

—By Walt Mason— ~-
The farmer gladly tolls all day, pro-
ducing things we need, and {n the fall
he'll thresh his hay and sell his nutmeg
seed. The ‘farmer's hogs are fine as
silk, and_they’re acquiring Jard; his
cows are all producing milk and but-
ter by the yard. The farmer's hens
are laying sholls, with golden yelks
inside, the farmer's steers ore wear- |"
ing bells, each with its glossy filde,
The farmer asks o decent price for
products of the earth; he doesn't think
to charge us twice as much as they
are worth. SJf we could to the farmer |’.
50, ‘Tor things he has to /éell, wei!
wouldn't crumple, in our woe, beneath
Hi. ©. of L. But speculators come be- ||
tween.the farmér and the crowd, antl
0 woe pay the. good long green and
groan and swear “aloud. I'd like to}!
seo the farmer get high pricés when

    
 
  
   
 

=

  
 
   
     
   

Sweat, he is an honest man, But |
twixt the farmer and the push, ‘the

   
   
   
  
 

for the cash with both hie greedy
hands, And though the land with,

teema, famine all}

there's

schemes our weary éouls are ground. ||

Do You Wear Overalls?

 

Liberal press joined {n its disapproba: | &tb4bEE EE EE EEE EEE EEE EEE

PREEE EEE ELE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EE EEE EEE SE

‘> After working under a handicap all summer, we: are’ ;
~ nowprepa red'to give our patrons. better seryice than ever |

-and with electric power

  
  
   

 
    
         
  
     
   
           
    
    
             
  

 
   

 
    
 

“a
Garments

 

will be soft, spotless and snowy white if you
use L ou can make the foamiest,
creamiest lather, in hot water, with a few of
these dainty silken little flakes, that cleanses
perfectly without rubbing. Hence unshrunken,:
unthickened little ents that are a delight

to feel. Try LUX—your baby will be sure
to appreciate the difference,

CCC ecco ees eoovessersesevesees

   
  
   
 
  

 
      

WONT SHRINK

 
   
 
  

: nde WOOCLLENS .
& ritish made, by : RS Ze oe ;
°, ld by all erecera °
° Lever Bevis Limited, cand is bret i 3 re
Pe oronto 2 - ry

  
     
  

 
   
 

 
 

 
    
   

   

  

     
    
  
  
      
      
    
     
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
      

 

°
If so, try a pair of Kitchen’s or the Bob Long which we
handle, -Guaranteed to stand the wear and tear.

In connection with these we can supply you with a splendid
Men's Working Shoe—just fits the Overalls,

Canvas Shoes || D, & A. Cor

 

 

is

 

 

 

For Men, Women and | |..LADIES-You know there
lg is none better. -
Keep cool. THIS hot ~ All sizes and styles.
weather, ;
Summer Underwear || Creat tine of

 

 

JOHN GRANT,

Phone 180, [Amherstburg, Ont.

    
  
  

 

  

   

 
    
 
 

 

 
   
   
    
      
 
   
 
      
    
   
   

   
             

  

HOUSE BUILDERS ATTENTION |

‘Weare carrying in stock icr in meciate Celivery the
following:
End matched Hard Maplo flooring. 7-8

thick.

End matched Hard. Maple flooring & -
thiok, or

End matched Oak flooring 7-8 thick.
En matched Oak flooring, $8 thick.
Panel Oak Veneer Doorn”

2 Panel Birch Veneer Doors,

1000 Pine Doors. different designs

Y Kontucky Oak for interior finish...
Southern Pino for interior finish.
Spruce and Soutbern Pine flooring.

 

7

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

x

 

From one million to two
million feet White Pine and
Hemlock’ always in stock.

CONKLIN PLANING MILLS. - Kigsvlo, Oot

DEALERS: LUMBER, CATH, LIME, SHINGLES, & CEDAR POSTS

s

 

 

     
 
   
  

  

 

  
   
     
   
   
 
   

they received; Our machinery has all been connected tip, a
can be turned on any:time forany’
job, no matterhow smal! 2a ie

of Hair, Lime, Hardwall Plaster, Lumber’
B.C. Fir, Bill Stuff, Pine'and OakiFinishes,

      

 

  
    
 
       
  

      
 
   
    
       
     
      
    
        
      

 

 

 
  

  

 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
    
  
      
  
    
  
   

 
 
   

   
     
  
 

 

  

 

 

 

  

     
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 
   
 
   
    
    

  
  
 

  
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
   
    
  
        
 
  
   
  
     
 
    
    
   
  
  

 
  

   
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
 

  
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
 

   

 

   
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
  

 
  
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  

   
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
 

  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  

     

  
  
   

 

 

 
   
 
  
    
   
 
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 

       
    
  
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
    

 

   
  
 

    

 

   
  

 

    
    

      
 
  

   
   
  
   

 

      
 

 

     
  
    
  

      
     
     
     
 

  
  
   

 
 

    

   
   

      
    
   
   
   
 
  
   
  

     
    

 
 
   
 
 
 

   
   
  

 

   
  
  
  
    
  
  
 

 

   
   
   
  

Ce tteeereeereetreeteett) | Tie ECHO
et : HE EC! | :
+ J e ‘ ; . Publilshea by County Council Chamber,
oO —_— THE ECHO PRINTING GO.,Limited Sandwich, June 18th, 1917.
oF 4 Amherstburg, Ont. © Council met & 2 DMs ae
i d. All members present.
J. A, AULD. A. W. MARSH. Roll calle SEE Fore oo
sun Py Th Minutes of lay day of January ses) me .
On your verandah. A screen between the summer PResiDENT. : = at : REAS Minutes ob dey Ot rere adopted as 19h
at deal. Frida une . Communications. E
and:you will apenas te t ys : From J. A. Scjrumm, Secretary of the Windsor, W ear’ at oie teal ,
i | t to their society.
MA EN. Poultry and Pet Stock Association, asking for ® gran ¢
> 3 t ee FP, D. Davis, Solicitor for the Clty of Windsor, nauitying: the Selig
Nataral Bamboo Poreh Shades— ft. $2.60 | Remember Malden plenic, July 4th. Pssex that Windtor intends to annex part of lots 87, 88 and S$? in Sandwic
5x8 ft. $1.60 Hee ne te = 1 Gordon Waldron spent Sunday in Egat to eee Lato: of Fducation, that the County will be required Se
" SO 5 x8 ft. a burg. | ¥F e Minis , 2
ER ee £ AM and Mice. Forest Laramie spent |to raise for equipment and accommodation foe TPS schools $1,294.90, and
7x8 ft., $2.25 of | Sunday last at Kingsville. tor ore paws aga eiritiiod, enclosing eet mand of Hairy ;
Ar, and Mrs, Robert Atkin motore - McR. Selkirk, P. Mi. Leni + ears County, would he TeapOns- : ‘
Also same as above STAINED GREEN, which gives % to Chatham on Tuesday Inet Content at ie, Wietoris Industrial Schoo), and th y :
= and Mrs, He , of Essex, were his 1D. i =
a very neat appearance. + ane Lae eer Randiy: Mrs, Yearsley, Berne CH oe Club.of Windsor, asking for a : F é f .
y 65 x 5 pal0 | We have for sale Corn, Oats, Chop] grant to establish a Nurses’ Registry. ‘ ; A hrift th b Ce |
5x8 ft., $2.25 6x8 ft e a | and Mill Feed. T, R. Flood, Harrow. A letter of thanks cin ura Didvisny, thenline the County’ Counc I Ed at rings . om of t '
Bee nee aa + Reein t Nein, Botte Uieralen: 2 SMe gion Becta of the Windsor Fair Board, @Sking for a grant 2 instead of Sacrifice +
— vith friends at South 0 Pe, 0 a 8 »s a
Aero Shades, very Sperior Make end w ’ Keen fii] to the Windsor Fair. ; 2 2
: 6x7’ 6”, $4.35; 7’ 6"X8, $5.75; 7 6"x10, $7.75. Saat Se eo bere From the County Auditors, recommending the purchase of an adding HRIFT, the. paramount national duty,
: ie x Mr and Mrs. Morris Laranile, of De-] Machine for the County Treasurer's office. applies to time as well as to money—to
ee 5 F | trot, were at the latter's home Sun- F Reports. \ : small personal outlay as well as to larger
+ : ty aay, The following repdrts were received and read:—Kingsville Continuation family expenditure. Applied to the daily shave,
+ Do not overlook + Mr, and Mrs. Fred. Squires visited | Class, Comber Public Library, Tecumseh Vegetable Growers gee - | mieans the ofa : -
+ “Ow IN IC a = friends-in Kingsville, the first of the) Amherstburg R. © Continuation Class, South Essex Women's ele ah thrift use : j
% LINEN SALE Now IN PROGRESS + week. row Continuation Class, Harrow Public Library, Essex Public Library, Leam- -
i + Mr. and Mrs. Mark Heaton, of Gesto, | ington Public Libr Amherstburg Public Library, Essex High School, the |
h There are good things to be picked up in the way of spent Sunday with Mr, and Mrs. Ed.-|-Amberstburg High School. claiming $1,234.49 for Essex County pupils; Wind- J 5 .
: towels, towellings, table cloths, sheets, faney crochet ae Heaton. , sor Collegiate Institute, eRe aie “Fe county pupils; Leamington High The Razor of National Service.
4 : 0 tkin and Mr, | School, claiming $3.144.82 tor county pupiis, " i : 5
goods, etc., ee ne Se rai xpent Sunday : Oe aaricaltural Soclety, ‘and the Windsor and North Essex Agri- . The Gillette reduces shaving time to five
: ef | Inst at Sacksville. cultural Society presented their reports. — minutes ee less—an Ca paul BE a week “
y : . |. Dr. and Mrs. Fy W. Phillips and lit- Bills and Accounts. wor ays a year ‘othe man who en 7
: p son, Wendell, of Detroiti were} winasor Hydro Electric, 3 dozen lamps for Court House, $13.50. the barber, it saves still more ti aed from
p For Summer Campers = tle ‘son all, of | vere | Windsor Hydn : Se conthell :
: guests at Mrs. V. Pillon’s, on Sunday.| Coury of Kent, repairs.to Baptist Creek bridge, hajf payable by Esse: on al
+ : mor Een Ww. Crowe, 4th concession, Col-| County, $32.29. eee”. pe er even ace canal smears
oe _We have ample supplies of necessaries in the way of chester South Ivertisink an aue-] moe Specialty Co. filing cases’ for documents In Council Chamber, $321.00. the cost of one or Wer ar vings :
24 Blankets—Common Blankets, also Hudson Bay and some € flor a oo riday, June 28th. Sel tnspector of Prisons and Public Charities, removing ee eee and eter Feiner ~ ;
st in this issue ae ORS ee eee I ia . . -
i is x i oo prisoners, $98.08. ci loreover, the:
22 genuine English and Army ~-Blankets—Brown, Single a Special offer for a a le BE. Breault, sand, plaster, ete., for Gaoler’s residence, $15.96. eee Leeds ‘sired sige et sangre uit
y $4.75 Raymond sewing machine for $25. NO) J, 4. yeCormick, pencils, stationery, ete., $6.70, : : ¥ : can D
3 Heavy Blankets, $4.75. ep better machine on the market. J. 4-1] Barton Netting Ce. fistures for Gaoler's residence, $58.15. Gillette poral it correctly—with the blade
+ $e Madill & Co., Harrow 7 W:%. Douglas, revolver, handcuffs, for Gaoler, $37.10. = screw lown tight and a light Angle Stroke.
Mr, Mrs. A. Jubenville and} ¢ . me = ; de at New ALB ooh 4 :
+ Fe ee nL I eee ene Pe ple he- GalmieaCiee ants, 8700.27 Fot the thousands of young men just
t Walkerville Sunday, and spent the] xaytor-Osborne Co., posts for county grade at New Canaan, 35 per cent. pay- reaching s aving age the ette lety Razor
n Eee eee ite W able by Colchester North, $9.60. is a source of good habits—not only thrift, but
¢ L | ., Miss Laur. Rens faciiiie W ppetiey Felix Gignac, fence for county grade at New Canaan, 35 per cent payable by unctuality, personal neatness, and efficiency in 7
+ Public school staff, formerly enchier Colchester North; $31.50, Bittle ry > For. curacli'or yours
. + | J z in S.S. No. J, was the guest of Miss | Colchester North Township, corrugated pipe and labor for county grade at de tees iti y lendid i your-son, at home ee
* es fe| Carrie Micklé, over Sundays New Cannan—25 per cent, payable by Colchester North, $81.30. or Nelsen y Ps ig come i Investment.
LUTITED. sfa]|_ Bullding operations ara’act Moved by Mr. Scratch, seconded by Mr. Noble, that thé above communi- Gillette ‘‘Balldogs"’, ‘*Aristocrats’’ and Standard Sets
‘ 9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave. | Masonic Park. - E. J. LeHepp ts cations, reports, ete,, be referred to their respecive committees.—Carried. cost $5.—Pocket Editions $5. to $6.—Combination _ vail
+ WINDSOR of. ] a two-storey house Moved. by Mr. Scratch, seconded by Mr. Keck, that Messrs, Woollatt, Sets from $6.50 ap. Send for Catalogue. oo 281 :
‘ A. E. Dudman a Droulllard, Knister, Plant and the Warden be a committee to. meet a com- * s ate
> ae Mra. VijPillon. spent, th leénd miittes ry the Walkerville Town Cotncil, to “enter into an agreement re Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited, _
with her daughter, Mrs. Jolin, Power, , ; Office and Factory : The Gillette Bldg., Montreal.

Administration of CriminaT Justice.—Carried.
Moved by Mr. Drou!lard, seconded by A. S. Brown, that the Clerk notify

 

of Sandwich. Mrs: Pillon was accom-

 

   

_Geafoofonfontonfocfocfocfeoteoloofoofontontnefecterleoteofentenfeetaeterlacleoentestenlerferseeterion entero serbers

 

 

  

 

   
 
     
      
     

 

 

  

 
 
  

 

  
 

 

 

 
      
   

    
     
       
          
 
       
     
       
     
  

      
 

 
     
 
   
  

      
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
        
   
     

 

  

   

  
    
   
    
 

eT a See Le 2a panied home by her little grand-| y775. yearsley, of the Mothers’ Club, to address the County Counell to-morrow fd
: daughter, Kathleen Power. at 2 p.m.—Carried
= At the sitting of the Divisi Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Lefaive, that we adjourn till to- |: _ . \
e at Am Lerstburg. June 13th, tite morrow at 9.30,—Carried. ———————— :;:;7;.?>—00OOO
4 f fley te 13 - z ‘ .
of alee os eres the ee 7 SECOND DAY. iiss Mr. Freeman. addressed the members respecting’ the painting of county
See eae isiiauoiathes Bales Councilimet at 10 a. m. : bridges.—Referred to Road and Bridge Committee.
; the court of revision onsthe Batley Roll called. All members present but Messrs. Noble and Hart. Gounell adjourned to allow committees to mest and re-assemble to-mor-
drain was dismissed without costa: Monutes of Monday were read. _ row at 9.30 a.m.
r i o Shere will-be a Measuring.Party at On motion, adopted as read. -
The kind of suits that niean comfort on hot days Patrons’ Hall on Wednesday evening; Ganintinlcatiane = ON ;
because they're made of desirable weaves that, mean. no peer = Snider ie From F. M. Allworth, Secretary of the Children’s Ald Soctety, asking for ANDERDON. x j.= AXUCTION SALE
| extra load to carry, and come in colors that give youa fe ea S {oot Tae ente a grant of $500.00 to the Society. a 3 vege pousaey some P Boos ee eae ’
comfortable appearance, for efch. additional inch. Everybody ES 5% Bille and AceaNnte, i ke Hoagie ae hare a ar Conk Oath, Chop| Farm Stock, Implements, &c.,
25e—35e—5Ve—T5e elon. eT Sh Pee ignites “$i one SE eae i bed atid Mili-Reed. T. R. Flood, Harrow. Thore will be offered for sale by Public
Sea ae Rev. S. J Fortner reports ~the 3 Bir sa cy = ee Mr. : an, -|Auction at Lot 14, Con, 4, Colchester
—___—_— Meth t sa relose as | Township of Rochester, examination of qe: Senet annie ee erating South, Ob ‘
{the beat J. D. Renaud, removing insane person to gsylum, 32.75, te - - 2 THURSDAY, JUNE 28th, 1917
Md eee aero t -a | A. Armstrong, mileage and indemnity, Two Creeks ‘bridgé, $7.20" a es wanted by ‘the Brunner. i ies
ot ay 1rts of the Malden circuit until the second | A. Armstrong, mileage and Indeninity, Point Pelee retaining wall, $7.20. Mond Catadae amited Aniherstbure 5 ) years old, wire colt :
, j Sunday of July. Aftercthat dateslils Township of Mersea, retaining wall, pero cleans channel, Point Pelee Apply’ RE onte , *| by s " ors) Old. with Got Dy
‘ ie = : aes sucbessor, Rev: J.-A, Snell; will_as- bridge, 70 per cent. payable by-County, $117.05. eee — " : joerding earaculde
The materials are light in weight and long in wear, Seances. “|g. S. Scratch, mileage aud indemnity, repalring county bridge over Belle Sain a ey cares g COW if Gara al naw
the soft turn-back cuffs mean more comfort, and the color- The ommittees of Malden picnic River, Rochester and*Gosfield North Townline, $23:20. Beer ia ot SIAR caltoeand f are o Mall, fresh

Mrs. John Harmon, carfare and postage for’ prisoners; $7.13. + i a %
: , grand-daughter, Sister M. Caroline, of RS; 10 Shoots.
J. H. Rodd, fees and disbursements, settlement of Régistry Office matter Holy Names G lisge, Windsor. s 2- ear-old Ewes; 5 Year-

with Windsor, $75.25. ‘ There will be a Measurin . > 4 7
} & Party; at. MACHINERY—t Binder, six-foot cuf,

J. H. Rodd, fees {n county highways, $116.19. , 2 anvas; 1. Mower, S-foot cut; 4 Hay Load-

J. H. Rodd, fees in suburban area, $67.13. Pitrons’ Hall on “Wednesday evening, er: {sida Delivery Rake—(all Rrassay

  
  

are sparing no pains to make this one
i very successful, Many prominent men
j of the county liave*been invited to be
present and deliver sadresses. Severin

ings will please the most fastidious;

$1—$1.25-281.50—$2

     
   
  

 
 
     
     
   
    
     

 
  

  

  

SEPT Ls Ducharme, M.P.P., has accepted an c June: 27th. Asgood program, includ- ‘ fr
3 {nvitation: Baseball and. ther. sports | J+ H. Rodd, fes in County and S., W. & A. Railway before’ Railway Board, Ing R.A. Reynolds, of Windsor. Lunch. tse BOHRA AE 1 POnRnE aaa
‘ H t Da 7 1eS will be {indulged {n. , $152.31. o3f Admission 4 cents a foot and 2 cents | Wilkinsom. Plow; 2 Dp Iron Harrows;~4
O y At a special meeting of the Ladies’ Reupxe for each additfonal Inch. Everybody | WAkon Workhie ioe eet Sd hin aa etn
Ald and W. M. S. of Malden Methodist The following reports were presented and read:—Statement of ‘costs to] welcome. Driving “Hard 4, set Single Harness; 4
Beautiful Wash Ties for just this kind of weather. churek tiecmembers and other friends | county bridge onthe Essex and Kent countyine. Special committee's report) The Good Roads Department of the Repost about tot conta br 2 "Wood:

to inspect bridges and grades. The Keeper and Inspector of the House of In-| County Council purchased a quantity

distry presented thelr reports, The Essex Agricultural Society and the} of the sand and gravel at the Gordo Grindstone; Borks; Hoes; 's

presented a beautiful Iinen table set
and other articles too

find one dozen: silver plate teaspoons

   
      
   
   
  
      
    
     

A big variety to,choose from, and:-every single tie is a

    
    
   
 

   

   
  
  
   

remarkable bargain. to Mrs. (Rev.) S. J. T. Forther, in ex-] South Woodslée Agricultural Society presented their reports, docks from tle. Brunner, Mond Can-| tion. y
re ee aa pressing their deep regret at. her de- Moved by Mr.-Plant, seconded by Mr. Knister, that they be referred to} ada, Limited, for the county bridges nin aie Eton anes aed Ae
¥ 25e—25c—a0e— oe se parture and appreciation of her efforts | their respective committees.—Carried. being erected on the, 8rd concessi fo be sold for cash, — «
among them, to which. Mrs. Fortner On motion. Mr, Butler, S@cretary of the Windsor, Walkerville and Sand) anq townline. Under the supervision SALE STARTS AT 1 P.M. SHARP
made an apprapriste reply. wich Poultry, and Pet Stock Association, addresged the County Council. of. Overseer Anson Pettypiece, it ts TERMS—AI sums at Or under €f0,00,

r that amount 8 months’ credit

 

Notices of Motion. I “1 Cash; ¢
being hauled, to the. various points, Cosh dishing, approved. Jolt notes Ores

There will be a meting of the land ‘ . ;
*Tont iat . Je a y 5 nelle ,
Mr. Plant, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grant to the] this weeky It is excellent mavsrial.| har cent. straight off for cashaon. Sums. enz

owners-of the river front’ whose prop?

    

H ot Day Underwear

    

  
   
    
   
  

   

 

  
     
     
   
   
   

 

        
 
 
 
  
   
    
     
   
  
       
   

 
  

 

   
 
  

 

 

erty wil be affected by the proposed | South Woodslee Agricultural Society. ! five bridges in all are being rebuilt. titled to credit.
new rond at the,;town hall at one Mr. Armstrong, that ne will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grant to Colenifcuite CLARK & YAN aa Te. sO
; very cool kind, in every, size and every o'clock p.m, on ,Tuesday, July 3rd.| the Point Pelee School. ‘ : 2 vite: eect 4
st few ge Veen a Pat and Sete garments at | Those who wish to Iiny thein’names Mr. Clark, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grants to the Last Sundgy the 17th, wag a date ee a
yle. : , certs : kwithdrawn from or added ’toyelther | Marrow Public Library, the Colchester South Agricultnral Society, and for| the Loijselleville. folks will long re- GOSFIELD NORTH.
- lowest-prices. petition “willtlave an) opportunity to} an Increased grant to the Harrow Continuation Class. member. For the first time since the oF 4
J do so at fils meeting.« Any others Mr. Drouillird, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for @ grant to the Ford new church was opened for worship it Men’ are wanted by the Brunner, ee
wishing to attend wilF be welcomed, | City Herticultural Society. # was possible to have the Corpus! yfond, Can&da, Limitéd, Amherstburg.
By order. Mr. Keck, that he wil, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grant to the | Christi procession outside the chafch. Apply at. once.
4 A. vary pretty wedding took plitce at | Comber Continuation Class, Comber Public Library, and the Tilbury North | The, cerenjony was to take pince the) Mrs» Albert Cummiférddied hereon , ¥
i 3 St. Ann's chiurc Amsell, Monday ; ond Tilbury West Agricultural Society, Sunday before, but the threatening | Priday last, aged 75 years, her death get
€ ; - morning, whén, Miss*"E Cecile, Mr. Woe t, that he will, on Wednesday, introduce a - by-law. carrying | appearance of the weather did not per-| boing caused from shock ond {njufles a a
€ , daughter of Mr. ‘and--Afrs “zo Ce.| into effect the Act allowing. the Registry Office to close on Saturday after-| mit to risk the enterprise. Last Sun-|peceiyed by a fall a. few weeks ago. * :
‘ " ‘ elle, formérly of McGregor, was united | noons day the weather was splendid. . The! Tie funeral took place Tuesday after- =

noon»go North Ridg@ “Mra. Cummi. =;
ford's maiden name was Ellen Col->,
thorp, and she was a daughter of the
late Joseph and Elizabeth Oolthorp,
avho moved to Essex county from Low-
er Canada many years ago.» She was
married to Mr. Cummiford in 1865, \
and they took up their residence on, {
the Talbot road, To them were born ’
three children—Arthur, “who fives at | @
home; Ada (Mrs. Wm. Trimble), of  - Vi
Strathcona, and Tfnude, the well i
Known teacher of this county. Mrs.
Cummiford was an active member of
the Methodist church, and wis a very
highly esteemed woman. ~

  

{mgmarriage-to Freeman Deslippe, son Mr. Hicks. that he* will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grants to the | warm rays of the sin promised early
of Mr. and Mrs. Marcel Deslippe, Rev. | Essex Public Library and the, Essex Horticultural Society. _. A magnificent day. »The front_of the
Father Langlois officlating,. The bride | A. G, Brown, thet he will, on Wednesday, ask for the udilal grants to the} church as well as the whole distancé
was attired in a grey silk sult’and | Amherstburg Public Library, Amherstburg Horticultural Society, and the} the procession Was to cover was de-
wore i corsage ,-bouquet of white, Amherstburg R. C. Continuation Class, corated with flags and banners of
sweet peas.. Being a member of the | Mr. Waldron, that.he will, on Wednesday, ask for the waual grant to the] various descriptions.» Two beautiful
Sodality, she also wore the veil. Her} Amherstburg, Anderdon & Malden Agricultural Society. ¢ x repositories had been prepared, one
sisteraRose Cecile, was malt of honor: Mr. Scrateli, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for 9 aumcient grant tore |i, the “Salle Saint Jean Baptiste,”
She- wore old rose. silk witht ‘hat to! pair the county bridge over-the Bello River;on the Gosfield: North and Roches-| the other on the eabtern side of the

match, and carried pink Killarney | ter townline. schoo} After mass the procession

roses, Raymond Deslippe, brother of Hr. Hicks, that he avyill, on Wednesday, introduce a by-law to amend ze formed and@left the church, Fr.
mers, carrying the Blessed’ Sacray

the groom, was best man. Little Pru-| By-law No. 381. s r
dence Lafond, daughter of Mr. and} Mr. Clark, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant of $100.00 to im-] ment. 4nq Fr. Lofselle directing the

7 as es $ th. | process, g

Mrs. David Lafond, Windsor, was! prove the grade over Cedar Creek on the 2nd Concession, Colchester Sou! Sion. Heading the procession
flower gir], and looked very sweet: in | A. S. Brown, that he will, on Wednesday, introduce. a motion to increase came the cross-beirer and the, two
whe silk with a Ince cap and veil| the grants to Ho-ticultural Societies from $25.00 to. $50.00. do last Acolytes with their . candle sticks—
and carrying a basket of white sweet | ‘Alex, McKee, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for tlie grants as made last | then tie jittle girls fn white and’vells

“Everybody Knows Where”
A. LANGLOIS, Manager.

 

 
 

    

 

  
 
      
   

 
  
 

   
    
   
   

   
 
 

 

  

 
   
  

 
 

 
  
   
   
  
  

      

 
 
   
    
  
   
  

  
      

 

  

 

      
 
 
 
   

     
  
  

 
  
        
 
  
 

 

Pus 7 Ss ltural} —they ‘
ry ee oo > aa peas. Mr. and Mrs. F. Deslippe will year to the Sandwich Fire Department and the Sandwich Hortlcu) A the Sodality of the Children of :
—__AT— \ reside at 120 Aylmer avenue, Windsor. | Society. ; i eee WOU NUTR Mary with their banner carried by GOSFIELD SOUTH. Shee 3
‘Alex. McKee, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant to the Wind-} Raymond Beneteau and Hector Bondy} “yten are wautha by the Brunner, 3
runner,

    
  

 

- sor, Walkerville and Sandwich Poultry and Pet Stock Association. —then the ladies of the ‘Altar Soclety,
McGREGOR. Mr..Scratch, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant to the Gosfield} with their fianner carried by valli

mek North Agricultural Soctety. ° and Oyila Fajeau—
Mr, and Mrs, Priestley Bondy moved Me a cot: a oot will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grants to the |loracs Ajenu—then the torch bear-

to Windsor on Monday. a: : he Ontario Corn, litt
: mete = South’ Essex Horticultural Society, also the usual grant to the On' ny little girls spreading flowers on the
Mond. Canada Limited eaneretohns , Growers’ Association. ‘ Biissage of the Blessed Sacrament. The nen eae mea nursdays Aaoe. ports Bee:
Apply at once: “f : Mr. Renaud, that he vis an es eee a grant to the Tecumseh! anopy was carried by Ernest Bondy, Yst in this insu, oi ee
r eS, - eras and Sandwich Bast Vegetable Growers’ Association. Seraphim Beaudoin, A! . M > ner. C2 Fs
ecad frets ia, Shiphtheria oie ae Me smith, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant of $25.00 to the | ang DA aaron aah Aue ia Mrs, Arthur Geduvrenu, of Windsor,
Prieur himself is down with it -| Leamington & Essex County Poultry Association; also fora grant of $350.00 !iately after the Blessed Sacrament * v cath ing anne frionds in the neigh- =
The ladies of the parish met in force | to the Leamington, Mersea and Gosfleld South Agricultural Society. were ‘the little Boys the young mon, post ates Villiam Eckford, who has _
at the church Wednesday. and gave | Moved by Mr. ‘Armstrong, seconded by Mr, Keck, that we adjourn jo] and married men ofthe parish with |. ye years of active service, and ~~
the Interior a thorough housecleaning. | Sow committees to ‘meet and re-assemble at 1 p.m—Carried. — } their banner carried by Albert La- was injured in his feat, spent. the —
Farmers hereabouts are very ae AFTERNOON SESSION. : _ framboise and Cesaire Meloche. At he Ve ea galt ed Arner. with ©
putting in thelr tomatoes. and. the Council met at 1 p.m. ? each repository the benediction of the! Arthur Brimn ormerlta Bye «
crop is taking well. This week ought | 0! called. All members present. Blessed Sacrament was given to the| weok;—Misi Rit ie ianded the Bethe
to wind up corn and tomato planting. Notices of Motion. kneeling multitude, then the proces- CTU. on itchio at | the Wes
Mr. Renaud, that-he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant to the Wincsor| sion would wind its way to the next,!ton, lngt Kaa ee ton wad in”

Contractor Dufour is hustling along
he construction work on the new) and North Essex Agricultural Society. ; and finally back to the church, where sie rs
eee oe ection ave atrondy beon | _; Mr. Webster, thatsha.will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant to the North | another blessing was given and an act Detrolt sth Moniny = aeons
completed and-roofing {a in progress | Hasex Women's Institute, ; ‘ ane |S of congecration of the whale:parish to : 8 Ce Ss i
this week. He expects to complete the “Mr. Noble, that he will, on Wednesday, ask for a grant to the Léaming- =o Sacred Heart and the  Litanies j . H
contract by the middle of August, ton Fire Department; for o grant to the fonnnene Public Library. | Wi*e recited. Begun at 10 o'clock,

Mr. Webster, that il, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grant to the |‘! ©somony onded after twelve. The

There was a well-attended meeting Oldcaste-Apricnit aplen ordsk, ttipisty disp et ?

Mond Canada, Limited, \Amheratburg-
Apply . once. = Be

: _ ©. W. Crowe, 4th’ concession, Col-
nd altar boys—preceding the s{%}ichester South, is advertising aa auc:

 
  

 

“Western Business College
ee ‘The largest and most influential school in Western Ontario. _

our Summer Session is Your Opportunity—to get to the job early
eB OABO I. S. McALLUM, Prin.

x
torlum Bidg. .
alr Winpsor. ON

     
  

   
   
  
    
  
  
     

   
 

    

  
    

       
  
   
 
    
  

  
  
  
  

ype?

 

   
   
   
   

 
 
  
  
   
  
  

    
   

 

  
 
 

    
   

 
  
   

   
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 

    

     
  
     
   
   
   
  
 

     
  
    
    

   
 
  
  
  

  
 

   
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
  

   
     
 

     
  
 
     

      

   

of the ladles of th h Sunday at- Society. :
ternogn to organize for tie faralshing Mr. Hart, that be ‘will, on Wednesday, ask for the usual grant to the throug), the various: groups
aloud or ; aint |

e F Colchester North Agricultural Soctety.
of the House which will be ocdupled by AS Brown, that he will, on Wednesday, introduce a motion to renew | ers fia

Pe ae Meas ed fp aa he grant to the Kingsville Cintinuation Class; alao the usual grants to the found

was divided into six districts, as fol- 4 : .
: i charge | Kingsville Public Ti “and the Kingsville Horticultural Society. Visible gy
lye cwsttee be dediea Eaeaan - me whe will, on Thursday, introduce ‘by-law to equalize |’ the

| So  redulred i Concessions 1a, 14, 14, a county rate, to provide for School Inspectors’ sal-
Colchester North, Mra, Alex. Meloche, ne : : Sada ot meee Fain Pe
| Mrs. Arthur Talbot, Mrs, Bissonnette. | op Thursday, introduce a by-law to logalize
DN eee ay vo “Thomas Torongean PAS
Mra. A Decaire and Mra, Joseph
Gagnon. Anderdon, Concessions 6,-7,
Mrs. P. Coyle, Mra, Gil Tremblay, } 4°°°
and Mrs .Th Bondy. Village of |
jean, Mrs.

i

  
  

 
 
  

 
 

   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
      
    

~

a
« “N\ Ys aie” eae
" Ld
ey y

Need any Shirts
We make a speefalty of all kinds.of Shirts,
for all kinds of men, to do all kinds of work.

Boyce & Co. say SHIRTS

PRICES RIGHT
STOCK LARGHR
STYLE BETTER
MORE KINDS
BETTER KINDS

 

 
 
 

i¢

\ 2

 

/

MEN’S STRAW HATS

Straws Show Which Way the Wind Blows—
A man ‘can’t look in your face without see-
ing your Hat. - If it is a neat hnd becoming one,
he notices it. If it is seedy, you look seedy to
him, no matter how brightly your shoes shine
and how natty your-¢lothes. New blocks and
latest styles—

 

ODD CUPS
125 dozen

for 79 cents dozen

A delayed shipment of 90 dozen Cups only.
These goods were bought in October, 1915. In
fact we had given up all hopes of getting them.
They are worth to-day $1.25 per dozen. You can
have them’ for—

 
 
         

  
  

Muslin Underwear Sale
A Sale that Grows in Volume.

Because {t is the kind of underwear that ts*

stylish, that appeals to the women who reeog-
nizes chaste quality rather than tawdry effect;) —
the kind that one loves to wear for its softness, :

dadintiness, well chosen trimmings, perfect finish.

  

Prices are

 

 

Than’ any store in the vicinity.
— 50c to $2.00

>

 

Boys’ straw Hats

$1.00 to $5.00

fl

W. R. BOYCE & Co.

 

r

 

Bicycles,
Screen Doors,
Hammocks,
Croquet Sets

  

Lawn and Verandah Seats

ALL VERY REASONABLE
JUST NOW. |

 

THE FLORENCE

AUTOMATIG

“OIL STOVE

Demonstrated last week are moving out fast.
Don't delay your purchase until prices advarice, which. is

very likely as the steel market is very strong.

~

A call will be appreciated.

G. RIGHARDSON & SON

GENERAL HARDWARE.
HARROW

ICTROLAS

VICTRO

 
 

VICTROLA with you.
Machines from $27.00 to $400.00

 
 

The Harness Shops of Harrow will close
PHURSDAY aF TERNOONS during
June, July,and August at 12 o’clock noon.
Other days we will be glad to see you, and
will try our best to supply you with’ every-
_. thing in the-horse line.

—_ ‘nis is the season fo

je is right as usual.
Prattis Baby Chick

 

 

 
  

“| Windsor, were Sunday visitors there.

“When going to your Summer Home take a

Dusters and,our stock,

Food will save the litte ones

HARROW
ONTARIO

PEREEEMEEEEEEEEE EDEL EEE EE

t “HARROW.

+
<
FT ee ei ie ee

Rey. J. BH, Russ has purchased the
latest modej Chévrolet car from F. H.
Ferriss. :

Men are Panted by the Brunner,
Mond Canadia, Limited, Amherstburg.
Apply at once.

Special ffer icr as month.—The
Raymond sewing toachine for $°5, No
better machiine on the market. J..H
Madill & Co... Harrow

The last @uarterly meeting of the
conferenee year will be held in the
B. M. E. church on Sunday. A large
attendruco {8 requested.

Rev. J. S. Leckie, of Leamington,
will preach in the Baptist church next
Sunday, morning and evening, and in}
Colchester in the afternoon.

Mr, and Mrs. Ja¢ob Huffman were
visiting this week. at A. Brimner’s,
Arner.—Mr. and Mrs. Roscoe Toffle-
mind were Sunday guosts at A. Fox's.

The members of the W. M.S. of}
Harrow and Oxley attended the union |
W. M.S. rally ot Malden Wednesday
afternoon, and furnished the program.

Mrs; Josepfi Best, of Windsor, is a
guest at Gordon - Quick's —Mr. and
Mrs. ©. Bates and John Swegles, of

  

 

John.C. Best, who last month was
married toy Mrs. Robson, of Windsor,
{6 here settling up his-affairs, and will
move to Windsor, next week, to re
side.

Mr. and Mrs, W. G. Wright announce
the engagement of thelr second daugh-
ter, Pearl, to Roy/Gordon McIntyre, of
Chetham. The marriage to take place
this month

The public are cordially Invited to
attend the piano recital given by. pu-
pils of Mrs. J. H. Madili next Tuesday
evening, as the proceeds are In aid of
Red Cross work. The program 18.8
splendid one and worthy of the patron-
age of the public,

The ladies of the Patriotic
will serve lve cream and cake at Har-
old Thrasher’s restaurant in connec:
tion with the recital to ‘be given. by
Mrs. Mndill. Will the ladies of the
Society plese bring cake and come
prepared to ‘help in any way needed.

James Drummond shipped seven
horses to Lojnion Saturday for an
press and diray firm, and five

 

day to Roy: Bros.;-for artillery servicer] the
He {5 advertising this week for a car-| pre

load, detailis of which willbe found on
page one.

“J. H. Madijil, W. H. Ferriss,
E. Russ and} Andrew Wright motored |
to Wheatleyy Wednesday afternoon to
attend the sittings of the Ontario Rafl-
way Commission, at which the ques-
tlon of the’Peire Marquette service was
to be ventilated.

The Women's Institute baking sale
on Friday and Saturday of last week
at C. Righardson & Son's was o grand
success. The hot biscuits and coffee
served O&d prepared on the Florence
Automstle ofl stove by the lady demon-
strator Were much appreciated.

Compliimenting \ Miss Marjorie
Lowry, & June bride-clect;* Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. White entertained delight-
fully at their home, 233 Pelisaler

 

   

   

  
   
 
  

\ Records the very latest. staan Friday evening last, with
Ww a a miscellayeous shower. » Miss Lowry
G TAYLOR Jeweler and) as the recipient of many beautiful
A. ‘ |; Optcian aa watt gifts. Supper was served,
he tal being prettily decorated in

HARROW pink and White,

       
   
   

Mrs.. J. 4. Madill'’s pupils, Misses
Cornelia Bowerlng, Eva Bondy and
Gladys L¥pps, assisted by Miss Ella
Wright, Fred Thomas, J. H. Madill,
vocalist’, A4d Ainslie Byron, violinist,
will give & pifino recital in J, H. Ma-
dil's store on Tuesday evening, June
26th, the Dr4eeedsa tobe devoted to
Red Cross’ P\iirposes. This promises
to be a very jinteresting and enjoyable
mubical evening. *

Services {0 the Methodist
Sunday. next-wili fe special. Sunday
jschool-and Bible classes, 10 a.m.; 11
am; public Worship. “A floral service
will be held, the church will be beau-
tifully decorgied with flowers. Dr.
Husser will Sheak on “The Message of
the Flowers.” 7.30 p.m., a special
message tO ¥oung people, subject: —
“Plants and Corner Stones.” -Every-
body. wéelconia. '
In our bijsy strife’ for a place in
the’ business, sun, we somotimes for-

 

   
    
   
    

       
   
   
    
  
    
   
   
 
  

     

 

 

| get to TegASd the rights of others, even

   
  
   
 

  

time

at our s
ipath’s Granalated Sugara

 

tore on Satur-|

    
  

in fair ply os to regulations affecting
the good ‘and. welfare of the village,
particularjy as to early closing and

  

 
  

{| merchant , and sticks to his
Agreement-ty close, those who. do are

boing us
‘should “be pygnated

Harrow) should close.

| The Pattiotie League,

: anipped 8 bale containing &% pairs of
ton cloths. ‘This ts a/

- |not, want dot,” so 6

nen

i ( MAGIC Oe URE |

   

League | back and forward, from one side of the

ex-|'Clarke are here from
on Mon, | week.

Rey. J.

 

   
        
  
    
   
 
     
      
     

 

church;

summer jialf holidays. Unless every

Surely there
much civic pride in

last week,

a.nice quantity of oldcot-

of “waste
please

all thoir old white cotton and),

for ; and
Kopin ereriprr ta

Oe to $1.50

EGGS

HE ECHO !/S THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Makes old furniture look like new

25c

Call and got a free sample bottle.

|

THE SENTINEL STORE

BELE BLOCK HARROW

 

 

 

R. I. Ferriss, the coal man, ls getting |
in sy cars of coal, and the famine
last/winter is making every one have
their coal bins filled up during the
summer months,

Mrs. George Turner, daughter of |
the Rev: Peter Brooker, died in Cleve- |
Jand on Tuesday of Inst week from |
cancer of the stomach. She was 38)
years of age. Mrs, Turner visited her}
father in the spring, and was appar |
ently in good health. The funeral,
took place in Cleveland, but Mr. Brook: |
er was unable to attend, being pros-
trated by the sad news, De ceased was
formerly Evelyn Brooker, and jin ad-
dition to her husband leaves two~sis-
ters and four brothers—Mrs. Clark,
Kenneth, Peter, Blihu and Claude, of
Cleveland, and Shelton, in New York.

The feeling of pessimism, which was |
generelly prevalent throughout the
“Banana Belt” all spring, owing to the
backwardness of the season, has given
place to’a-happler expression since |
the June weather has so favorably im-
pressed itself upon the garden and
fields. Every crop is beginning to look
its best, and without a doubt if July
and August are at oll favorable as
the average season, all the harm the
cold spring ‘did will te healed and we
may look forward to a bumper crop in
all agricultural lines. It {s amusing}
to see the number of=potato plots. |
Driving through the townsh!p one al-
most gets a severe attack of the dis-
ease known as “rubber neck” looking

 

|
|
|

 

|

road to tlie other, counting the potato
fields. They have all made a splendid
start, and unless there {s great de-
mand. for export purposes, potatoes
will naturtlly be plentiful and low
priced, in the fall.

Mr, Clarke, sr., accompanied by- Mrs. |
fontreal this
Mr: Clarke came to supervise
work of organizing the factory in
paration of a tremendous summer
offensive. One can get an idea of the
extent of the operations this company
expects to develop here during 1917,
when,it {8 known that ten carloads of
ratsup bottles, ten, <arloads of cans
and a carload of sugar are’partly here

they hope to use putting up the sea-
son's products. The acreage {8 near-
ly all planted,*and tlie tomatoes have
made a very successful Btand, It
will not be until fall, when the money
distributed for their products gets into
circulation that the real value of such
a large factory will be appreciated in
this districts

—
Ebb bh hd PEELE EEE EL PET EE

¢ COLCHESTER SOUTH t

Ca ee oe ae Oe ee i Me
Miss Mabel Levergood ig visiting in

Windsor, this week.?
Miss Jennfo Blllott, of Sandwich, {8
visiting Miss E. Bell. .
Miss Anna Cralg Is spending some
time at Maurice Baldwin's.
Cleve Huffman, of Walkerville, is
spending the week at his home here.
Mr. and Mrs. Geo, Stevenson*spent
the week-end at Geo. Tofflemiro’s.

  

 

 
  

     
    
   
 

Jeallera on the Misses Hackett, Sun-
| day.

|this week.

and more arriving daily, all of which |

19 fc:

Trade 31c
Cash 30c

\

Mr. and Mrs. G, S. Cornwall left for
Detroit Wednesday, having received
word that their daughter, Mrs, J. R.
Fuller, who has been il! a long time,
was worse. J

Clearing of ladies’ and misses’ hats
in Panama and white “Tagel braid,

Halso a few children’s hats at excep-|

tlonally reasonable prices.
few left. W. R,. Boyce & Co.

Capt, Howard Hackett and sister,
Miss Annie Hackett} Mrs, Leighton
and daughter, of Amherstburg, were

Just ra)

Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Utter and Miss
Josiejean Utter, Myrl Dewey and
Vero Kile, of Detroit, and Billie Pet-
typlece, of Amherstburg, were guests
at A. L. Klle’s, Lake Breeze, over Sun-
day.
Oxley Methodist church servicea:—
Sunday school and Bible Class, 2 p.m.;
public worship, 3 p.m. Next Sunday
a floral service will be held? Dr. Hus-
ser will speak on “The Message of the
Flowers.”

Mrs. T. A. Eliott, assisted by Mrs.
Erie Herdman and Mrs. T. L. Wright,
entertained the girls of the Mission
Circle of Oxley and their young friends
at the home of Mrs, Ellfott on Satur-

jday, June 9th.

Oxley hes lost none of its attractive-
ness for summer boarders, many of
whom are glready beginning to arrive.
From present indicatioas this will be
Q prosperous season) for those who
house summer people from the city.

Joe Renaud, employed on the Capt.
Bassett farm, planted his tobacco on
the 4th June. He raised his own
plants, and hardly a plant is missing,
the best stand of tobacco he lins ever
had. Thanks to the weathep man for
the recent showers. ir a,

Lightning, Wednesday of last week,
struck and killed o fine spring colt
belonging to Oscar Lounsbury. ‘For-
tunately Mr. Lounsbury had it insured
with Arthur Agla, which subtracts
considerable from his loss.
Mrs. Clarence Wright was’ hostess
at a delightful tea for the Red Cross
It was very successful,
$21.25 belng-the sum realized. The
next of these tens will be held at Mrs.
Gordon “Howle's,

T. W. Crowe, ex-reeve, whose auc
tlon sale is advertised for the 28th
Inst., sold his farm on the 4%! con-
cession to William Staddoh, taking
partly in exchange the Thrasher
house, Amherstburg, to whiclt he and
Mrs. Crowe will move.soon after their
sale.

Tenders will be received up to Sat-
urday, June 30th, for tho work of
cleaning out. the ditch on the soutlp
side of the 7th con, road, known as the
Balley-Affleck arain, -Plans and speci-
fications at J. H. Madill's office. The
lowest or an¥tendersnot nécessarily
accepted. See advt. on ‘another page.

Notice.—There will be a meeting of
the South Essex Progressive Club
held) at Central Grove A. M. B. church
on Monday, 26th June, 1917, Business
of Importance to be attended to. Lad-
{es as well o5 gentlemen are invited
to,atténd this meeting. James John-
ston, President.

There will be a patriotic garden
party held on the lawn of George H,
White, Potinke Road, on the evening
of-July 3rd. “A program will be ren-
dered to which> Rov. Arthur Carlisle,
of “Vindsor, w!}l give an address on
the war. Admission 25c. , Proceeds
for Red Cross.

Douglas, the. three-year-old son of
Joseph Renaud, while*playing on Wed}
nesday of last qveek stepped on ap
of glass, severing an ar
foot.

 

 
 

 

We have for sale Corn, Onts, Chop
and-Milr Feed. T. R. Flood, Harrow.
Mrs. Howard Mortimore and daugh-
ser. erm spent Sunday at Ivan Bon-
y's,
Miss Kenney and Miss Sullivan, of
nd Maron-

   
   
 
      
    
      

| Detroit, visited at Reymo

tate’s Sunday.
Rev. J,‘ W.-Connor, rector Christ
church, {s attending the Synod at Lon-
don, this week. we eee ;

Miss Hackett, at Colchester, has for
aule some oll barréls ‘that are sult-
able for water barrels. .

Mr. and Mrs. Omer Jones.and Mrs.

   
   
 
  
  
  
 

visited relatives, last Week. .
Mrs. Theo. Marontato Js»yisiting at

Theodore Bondy’s, at nee

and with friends in Win Stes

Mrs. B, A. Brown, oF

tas returned home after visiting her

parents, Mr. ind Mrs. T, L. Wright.

  
    
    
     

 
 

W, H

° ston, Col-
an auc:
28th, Seo

   

black, to cloar at a-
Boyce & Co. - ;
_T. W., Crowe, 4th
Jchester South, {a advertis
dion sale on day, Ji
list in this tésue..
“~The regular mon

   

AES

  

  
   
 

  
   
  
      
   
   
   
  
 
  

Jones, sr., of Flint, motored here and | Deq- )
al and the injuriés tothe auto were of a} T'

  
 
  
   
     
     
  
    

Kingavillo, |not serious.

| We have a number of nicely trim.
med hats, in light colors, also in|

thly moeting of|to indicate who he was or wh
» held at (
on.| of Kingsville, and Dr,

of blood could not be stopped and D:
Collins was called ‘and dressed tho
foot. The child ts getting aloog no

but he will not be able to walk for) gat

some time.
F. C? Quix’

collision W:
in Harrow.
from the Methodist church and met
Mr. Barney head cn at tha‘l. 0, O. F.
corner, Mr.Barney’s vehicle was ¢

    
     
   
  
 
 

 

hardware before the auto was stop-
Fortunately no one was burt,

   
 
    
   
  
   
    
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 

minor nature.—The same day Hoy
Fox's auto struck Mrs. Fred, Baldwin,
near €olchester, but the results. were

The body of a man in middle life
floated ashore at Oxley on Sunday. It
was dressed in underclothes, an over-
cont and shoes that were unlaced. It.
fs presumed that the man was drown-
ed from s boat Inst fall. Richard
Craig and John Fox; who were there
when the body came in, saw o roll of
‘money floating near, which proved to
| be fifty dollars, but there was
ere he

Dr. McKenzie, caren

 
   

   
  
 
 
   

came from. ,
Collins, coroner,
called ind viewed th

ed in

EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE EEE

lece | solemnized

tery in his | Inst
Tt was not thought at first that | rector, belng tn charge. Both morning

ithad been cut so badly’ until the flow|and ¢
r. | were owe)

icely |thé afternoon. a very™ Jango » crowd

e auto récelyed.some in-| marching tosthe

juries Sunday’evening by coming into | cess
ith Gs W. Barney's buggy | one
Mr. Quick was driving /On arriving t!

   
 

ar-| tures of the service were
ried in front di C. Richardaon & Son's | selec

  

 

   
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
       
  
 
    
    
 
  
 
 
  
  
       

Wall 5 % to 33 % XY Less
HARRO™

- Automobile Washing !
Buggy Washing !

 

 

 

With a proper sponge and chamois skin, you can was!

T 5 ; vash off your a
buggy in a very sliort time with a few pails of water, and you “will eer
prised how easily itis done when you have the proper articles

We have wonderful values in tough, soft Sponge:
Now is the time‘to buy thom. papain gd! 2 oe

Also Brushes for getting mud off auto |wheels.

Our Auto; Polish is excellent to finish off the body with. It puta o fine

finish on’ it—just like new.

}

HARROW.

E. Fe; IARRO\
STATIONERY

DARBY.
DRUGGIST

OPTICIAN
NOTARY PUBLIC

 

 

 

Special Oatmeal —

 

WE OFFER :

REGULAR! 25¢ Boxes PURITY OATS» —
at 23c or 5 Boxes for $1.10

This oatmeal is of the finest quality made from be’ Western onts by

the Improyed Scotch Process.

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
* HARROW Phone 5

——= _ ——

t You'll be living

on the Verandah
nearly. all the
while pretty soon

To'get the full enjoyment you

ought to.have the verandah nicely
furnished with suitable furniture.

Light, Cool, Airy Chairs, a Comfortable
Hammo-Couch ora Hammock.

    
   
  
 
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
    

Call and see what we have to. show you to make Sunimei” :
Comfort. We can also sell you 4 nice lawn. swing for the lawn

nN

 

Have you'seen and examined our KAPOCK MATTRESS-
ES. They are the most comfortable mattress on the mark-
et and guaranteed not to sag or get lumpy. We have Mat-*
tresses from $4.00 up. We willbe glad to show our full line
of Beds, Springs and Mattresses. : :

J. H: MADILL & CO.

 

    
 

 

     
  
   

We are now looking for the chap with ~~

the first potatoes. Some reports that ~~

have reached tlis office say, a-number

of potato. growers diz down in their ~~

hills ‘so often to see if any marbles

are produced yetythat it 16 roti toe
itis.

 

 

with splendid services
Sunday, the Rev. J. -W, Connor,

   

       

       
    
   

 

vening services in the church

li attended, the congregation
In

   

 

   
   
 
  
    

  
  
 
   

joining heartily with the pastor.

{ft they will not spoila dozen“n

Zion.

Mr. and Mrs. Dan. Welsh, of
sor, spent Sunday vislting frie} at.
this place—Miss Nora, Fulmer’ is -
spending a faw days at her home here, -
having received a severe’cut on one
of her lends.=-Mr. and Mra, Charles
Bailey and daughter Ena, of Malden, -
spent Sunday at the home of George
Higgins,—Orillian Alen hag purchas-
edo Ford car.—Don't forget the soc
{al at Zion church on the 26th: Comoe
and meet all your friends and havea
real good time. An clocutionist from
Wheatley will take part in the -pro- —
gram.—Miss Eva Willan, teacher 8. .~=%
8. No. 18, spent the week-end at her ©" 4
home in Wheatley,—Frank Stapleton
is laid up with rheumatism—

Mabel Rawson spent afew :
ing friends at Pauette—Wm: Abbo!

 

hered at thoe’old church, moeting in
tho mew church dnd
bank, oinging o pro-
fonal hymn, and led by Peter ler,
ot the pioneers, carrying o flag.
here addresses were giv-
en by Réy. Mr.’ Connor, Rev: J. B:
‘Russ and Mr. ler, and one of the fen-
several vocal
tions by Mr, Iler, who, os an-
nounced last weak in The-Wcho, sang
in the old church sixty-six years ago:
he offertory for tlie day was gen-
erous. 2 hs :

All parties wishing to have their lots
in. the cemeteries cleated should see
about it at once, before the grass be-
comes so long and, tough that an ad-
ditional charge will have to be made.
‘Albert Tofflomire, Caretaker.

A rather remarkable gathering of
érected a wind mill Jast week. Noth:

aged men was. held at the home of
Thomas L. Wright's, one day last) ing: like: theasfeqnreniences -on-

  

      

procession at

 

 

   
  
    
     

    

   

  

  
  

      
  

 
    
 
  
  
  
 

     

 
  
 
  

  
 

  
  

 

  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 

 
 
  

   

 

 
 

oft

 

      

     

 

 

week, when threo “old cronies,” Eben-| farm. :
‘exer Wright, aged 82;
aged 98, and Jos..S. Wei
tat Ms Sta ne

d ton,’ thole comin

        
    
 
  
 
  
   
     
     
      

  
  
 
  

 

 
  
 

  
   

  

   
          
 
            
                
      
   
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
    
   
          
      
     
     

  
     

 
  
 

  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 

Re

RATIONAL DRUG &
©O, OF OAM.
Toronto,

OHEMICAL
LOOTED

Publishea by pal authorities to co-operate with the}dom from weariness. Among the] Leamington, where he was success- :
INTING CO.,Limited varfous educational and patriotic ‘or-) many thousands of Canadian women | fully operated upon about 10 o'clock. r 4
THE ECHO PRINTIN " ganizations in arranging local demon-| who have found new health and] Mr, Stewart is now making good pro- 4 ¥
Amherstburg, Ont. ‘ strations in suitable places and we} strength through these pills is Mrs.] press towards recovery. oesn oun . nreasona e or a
J. A. AULD, A.W. MARSH, | request all -citizens. to give hearty]G. Strasser, Acton West, Ont, who} © E. Mann's tailor shop was re-
; PRESIDENT. Sec'y-Treas | suport and countenance to the move} says:—“I am the mother of three| cently entered and in the neighbor- a
ment.” children and after each birth T be-] pood of $10 worth of clothing stolen, 3

Friday, dune 22, 1917.

 

In the House, on Friday, the Minis-
intro-

ter of Trade and Commerce

 

 

lantic liner Sequana, 550 passengers
on board, hes been torpedoed and sunk
with a lossof 190 men. The Sequana
‘wns sunk in the Atlantic, Among the
passengers ‘wos a detachment of the

, Senegalese, rifiea. The Sequana, for-
morly the City of Corinth, was owned
by the South Atalantic Navigation Co.
o? Paris. Her gross tonnage was 5,657.
She was 430 feet long and was built
in Belfast in 1893.

Boston, June 13th.—The Leyland
Iiner Anglian, which left Bostod May
30th for-Liverpool, has been torpedoed
yand sunk by a°Germen submarine,
according to cable advices received by:
agents here to-day. The advices stat-
ed ttiat the crew had» been saved. On
her Irst voyage from Boston she was
commanded by Capt. Lawrengon and
carried a general cargo. Ship and
cargo are valued at $2,000,000. The
Angiian, formerly the Megantic, was
a British steamer of 5,522 tons gross
and was built,in Glasgow in 1896.

——————————_———
METHODISTS UPHOLD
LORD'S DAY ACT
IN CONFERENCE

 

j

Oppose Proposal for Sunday Garden
Work.

Passing resolutions calling on ‘the
Canadian Government to ignore peti-
tions that ore being circulated to
amend the Lord’s Day Act sq, that
newspapers. can be sold In. Windsor
Sundays, and to allow the cultivation
of gardens on the Sabbath, delegates
attending the Méthodist conference at
London wound up the session Wed-
nesday. z

“Under the guise of patriotism at-
tempts are being made to open thea-
ters Sundays and work on cultivated
lots,” one of tlie resolutions stated.
“This attempted suppression of the
Lord's Day Act is undesirable and
will be fought by the Methodist church
of. Cannda.

“Knowing that the advocates of Sun-
day newspapers are making strenu-
ous efforts to secure the passing of a

 

 

     
     
   
 
  

CONFEDERATION SUND:
Lieutenant-Governor’ lssues Procia-
mation to Citizens Regarding
Jubilee Celebration.

 

 

The Lieutenant-Governor in Coun-
cil has isshed a proclamation to’ the
citizens of Ontario, calling on them to
commemorate, by special services, the
fiftieth anniversary of the Confeder-
ation of the Provinces of Canada.
The proclamation in part is as follows:

“We hereby proclaim Sunday, the
first day of July next, as a day of
solemn and religious recognition by
our people for the benefits and bless-
ings they have been vouchsafed by
Providence to us as a Dominion. We
request that all churches and Sunday
schools and associations of a like
character do commerorate the occa-
sion.

“We do further proclaim Monday,
July 2nd, as a day for the purpose of
public and patriotic demonstrations
of the devotion of our people to the
national institution of ideals. For
that purpose we call upon all munict-

It was further urged that a }iberal
use be made of flags and suitable
decorations in order that the jubilee
of Confederation might testify to the
loyalty of all Con-

 

 

 

pire and consecration to the high
cunse for which the armfes, ore bat-
tling demands that selectiverconscrip-
tion for military service in Canada be
enacted and enforced forthwith ~ in
Canada,” the resolution declared. It
commended Premier Borden for the in
troduction of the bill4n Parliament.

“That while expressing our unresi-
tating approval under present circum-
stances of compulsory military service
to secure the men necessary. fo sus-
tain the Canadian divisions at the
front, we would strongly urge upon
Parliament the needjand justice” of
conscripting as far o8 necessary the
wealth, the food and the man-power of
the country, to a degree at least, in
keeping with the” sacrifices’ being
made by the men at the front,” it
continued. “That ‘the mén ‘eligible
for military service working in mun-
ition plants or who are required there
should receive pay equal only to mill-
tary pay, plus. keep’, gnd- allowances, |
and inat to this end the Govérnment
should control™and operate munition
plants.” It concluded by declaring
for Government Control of necessaries
of life according.to supply and de-
mand.

The Baptists.

Toronto Baptists are in favor of
conscription, but they want wealth
enrolled, too, Thursday night’s ‘con:
vention in Beverley Street church re-
fused to, poss o conscription resolu-
tion. which did not unmistakably set
forth that both men and money should
be drafted into service. When the
resolution was redrafted to include

both it was unanimously carried.
=_

GERMAN-PLOT TO
CAPTURE THE DOMINION

 

 

Hun Agent Says Teutonic Society in
U. S. Planned to Invade Canada.

 

New York, June 13th.—Disclosures
of a plot of the German government
to Invade Canada with five army
corps composed of the Kriegerbund

   
    
   
 

  
   
     
   
  
  
    
     
   
  

4 ; a
IN THE HOME
bi

These Bring the Wrinkles and
Pallid Faces That Make Women
Look Prematurely Old.

Almost every woman at the head
of a home meets daily many little
worries in her household affairs. The
care of her little ones, the work
about the house all contribute to
these worries. Most of them may
be too small to notice an hour after-
wards, but they constitute a con-
stant strain that affects the blood and
the netyes and makes women look
prematurely old. The effect of these
little worries may be noticed in sick
or nervous headaches, fickle appetite,
tiredness after slight exertion, and
the coming of wrinkles which every
woman dreads,. To those thus afflict-
ed Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills offer a
speedy cure; a restoration of cojor to
the cheeks, brightness to the eye, a
hearty appetite and a sense of free-

came terribly run down, J had weak,
thin blood, adways felt tired, and
unable to‘ do my household work.
After the birth of my third-child I
seemed to be and

 

 

 

 

  
    
   

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

chairman, Rey, W.*E, Donnelly. ’.Pro-
ceeds in ald of Belgian Relief Fund.

—-_ =
TILBURY.

eis j

Leo’ Marchand, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Marchand, Queen street, ‘at
the recent ordination ceremonies in
St, Peter's cath#iiral, was one of the
several divinity students. to—receivo

“minor orders’ sat the*hands of Bistiop |

Fallon.

Following -an illness of about ten
days, Wm. Johnson, a highly-esteemed
resident of this town, died=at the

home of his son, Charles * Johnson, |

Prospéct street. He was 41 years of
age and had lived in this town ten
years, Prior to that his honie’ was in
Houghton township, Norfolk county,
where until his removal here heen-
gaged in farming with great sucesss.
His wife died fifteen years ago, Be-
sides’Charles Johnson, of this town, a
daughter, Mrs. Humphries, -of Port
Rowan, survives.

- ——a nNoninth

‘MAIDSTONE. =

The funeral of Mre. Neil Jobin ‘took
place at Maidstone Cross on Monday
of last week atithe R. CG. church, with
interment in the R. C, cemetery. - De-
ceased, was 82 years of oge and is
survived by two sons, Alex. and
Thomas, and one daughter, Mrs. Wm.
Hayes, all of Sandwich South.

WOODSLEE.

 

W. D. Pollock, who had his sale on
Wednesday of last week, moved to De-
troit On Saturday.

0. J. Wilcox, M. P., who js at his
home on account of*ill' health, was in
Detroit consulting Dr. Aaron, special-
ist, on his condition.

Mrs. J. Mitchell, son
daughter .Ruby left . for

Archie «and
Shaunavon,
haa received his

has been attending.
WHEATLEY.

 

 

     
        
   
    
  

 

Sask, on an extended visit.» Archie
diploma from the
Electrical school in Detroit, that he

AMWING 2D

meeting of tha. Ontarig
‘Grand Chapter of Eastern Stare in
Toronto, last. week, irs. Robert Ross,
who wae the delega from the Leam-
ington Chapter, wit appointed Grand
Or ists ‘

foetal of Leamington will
hold thejr annual memorial service
on Sunday, June 24th, at 2 o'clock,
when the graves of departed brethren
in Lakeview cemetery will be de-
corated, «

Mrs. Ernest Wigle, of this, town,
and the 7-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mra. Scott Wales, Mersen, were
taken on Wednesday of last week to
Harper hospital, Detroit, where they
were operated upon Thursday.

At the meeting of the Grand Lodge
of the Benevolent and Protective Or
der of Elks in Windsor, Ed. Winter,
of this town, was elected one of the
trustees, The place of meeting next
year is Victoria, B. Gc

Stewart Campbell, of Wheatley, was
seized with a serious attack of ap-
pendicitis Friday evening last and was
rushed to Mrs. Tisdale’s hospital at

At the

 

consisting of made-to-order suits: and
clothes left for repair, which he will
have to replace, Entrance was effect-
ed through a back window which was
There is no clue to the

    

 
 

 

     

 

 
 
 
  
   

 

     

 

   

of friends. Rev. A, W, Shepherd of-
ficjated at the ceremony. ‘

——— OOO
TOWN OF ESSEX.

Eimer Hannan éhlisted, at Amherst-
burg Inst week in the mechanical corps
of the Canadlan forces.

Miss Marcia Hannan, who has been
attending Normal’school at:North Bay
the past term, has returned home.

Miss Ada Richardson has resigned

pber position as assistant teacher on the

High school staff, to take. effect the
end of this term.
The members of Central Lodge, No.

} 402, A. F.& A. M., will attend services
jin St. Paul's church on Sunday, June
| 24th, ‘at
j address them

7pm. Rev. H. Millar will

Miss Bernice Hannan, who has just
completed a course in the Cadman
Business College, has secured a po-
sition with the Packard Motor Co. in
| Detroit, and entered upon her, duties
ee Monday.

The members of Enterprise Lodge,
No, 218 i. O. O. F., will haid Decora-
tion services for théir deceased mem-
| bers on’ Sunday afternoon, June 24th,
| the aqmembers will meet in the lodge

room at 2 o'clock and proceed to
Cottam cemetery where'’the graves of
the brothers buried in that cemetery
will be decorated, thence proceeding
to North Ridge cemetery, where s}mi-
lar services whl be held.

Division Court\ sittings was . held
before Judge Smith atthe town hall
on Tuesdey of last week with the
largest docket in ‘years, there being
two adjourned suits, eighteen defend-
ed cases, two judgment summons and
four judgments after, default. Messrs.
Geddes, McHugh, Smith and Furlong
were the lawyers present. In R. M.
Mulr vs. Town.of Basex, judgment was
given for plaintiff. Im Gray Sons,
Campbell Co. vs. John Yynch, judg-
ment for plaintiff for $16. Other suits
decided as followss—-Dominjon Car-
ringe Co. vs. Frank Buhler, judgment
for plaintify; J. Smith vs. G. Motley,

 

    
  
   

 

 
   
   
  
  
   
   

   
   
    
  
    
   
 
 
   

 

‘the whole term of. their employment.

       
     
    
       

 

     
         
   
       
   
     
  
     

    
   
   
 

 

50c Per Garment
And Up, — |

 

Summer Underwear

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

   
  
   
  
   
 

 

 

   

=nw bill. It] patriotism and worse, was very | pried open.
duced his daylight BaMURE lvanced | adians, badly run down. 1 fotnd the great-| guilty ones. .
provides for the clock being advance a 2 guilty = ’
h September is the month the} = est benefit. from the pills and“soon The degree team of Naomi Re- ca oes 4 /
an ae th = ht: ft Raald hamcdvies ORANGEMEN FAVOR guined my old time strength. Indeed] pekah Lodge, Windsor, Visited Peach- " im:
ae einer to the ordinary meth- CONSCRIPTION PLAN | after taking them I felt as well as in d Rébekah Lodge here on Wednes- >
a BONS sasuring days my girlhood, and could take pleasure |-day evening of Jast week and confer-
¢ : ods. of Ee aa Essex Lodge Endorses Borden Bill—| jn my work. 1 also used Baby's Own| red the degree on ten candidates in
xf The pensions legislation 1s being} Leaves Off Wealth Amendment. | Tablets for my Tttle ones and haye| the Oddfellows lodgé room. Follow-| / :
¢ 4 revised, and Sir Thomas White — has eee County Lane oa pa found them A splendid medicine for] ing the conferring of the degree there ‘
ba iven notice of a resolution to the} Order, In semi-annual session | -} childhood aijments.’ was a social hour and lunch. The y ay a
i { Cnmonae providing for the creation | sex on Tuesday of last week, discussed) Dr, Williams’ Pink Pills are sold} Windsor party, who numbered about You'll further agree with us when you note the quality of the garments. Of course wé
i of a commission to be known as the eer zoe acetone eras by all dealers in medicine, or you came down by ‘special electric] have them at higher prices, but we mention the 50c price to let you know that we have them at :
i “board of pensions commissioners for /ure at length, and thenaby a Stan@nel! can procure them by mail at 50 cents ,-and “left for home about mid- . s c : E
4 ; Canadas" rhe new board will consist | vote adopted a resolution declaring] pox or six boxes for $2.50 trom | night. prices that please. -Two-piece and combinations presented in such worthy makes as these: a
5 of three commissioners, instead of fiat in ri oO OL ae ane : Ly ft ea Medicine Cé., Dope’ flends appear to be operating : a
ag. s to be em- he organization, e , ’ rockville, nt. ? ” ain, Last id {ght ; +
RRS, Beat Na a ee lowances| “meets the requirements of the situ- as — waragaln.: ast Bast ene IS DELPARK , PENMAN’S >
powered to award pensions, allow! $i ; PELEE ISLAND office was entered ond a quan 3 3
and gratuities in connection with act- ah Faaed toctie revolution to E ISLAND. tolen. This has been going on at CORONA MILLS ZIMMERKNIT * Le
A clause addec 1 { vals 80 time and in an en- T + j 2
EAye 2 ——— = the effect that there should be con-} Li¢ut. Colin C. Standish formerly a itera inet doetgr put a TRU KNIT MERCURY
RAILWAYS ASK INCREASE. seription=of wealth as well as man-|resident of Pelee Island, came from oe lock on his‘front door. This did FRENCH BALBRIGGAN ‘ AY
: power, apparently did mot meet with] Wales a few years ago,to Pelee Is- not prevent access being obtained to , re
Application of the railways for an] the approval of a number of the dele-})and. Later he removed to Brant-| 1js5 office, however. as entrance was ef- f P
incrense of 15 per cont. in freight and | gates, pn ag eee ‘ 7 iat an obtained a situation with J.| fected Friday , night through the Besides many others. If you are searching for under garments that spell conifort and ability Bay
5 otests gainst Ey a clause mi embarrass the}'S. Hamilton & Co., w an etur- setae ~ t. an ‘ . :- A
ae Recocken nerd raed Tiieetes by Gavernweat” sald ae of the mem-] ers, of pre j ARE amare inna, iearinaty ee oa hire to give long wear combined, mou i surely come to this “Clothing Headquarters. x
the Dominion Railway Board a: To-} bers modestly. yas with them about two years and tan oft a > ; ce
ronto. D. B. Hanna, for the C. N. R..| « Another clause which went through | resigned in November, 1914, and went : a eed ‘*
atated that the increased price. of] urged upon the Government the treat-] overseas asa private in the Second SS = = Taeaeel stele pas Whee aad ;

- materials would this year amount to| ment of all Canadian provinces alike,,) Canadian, Contin He pro- GOSFIELD NORTH. . : f r
$5,517,485, and in»addition they were] without reference to either creed or|moted to a )ieutenant, was awarded 4 Se ‘ !
facing a wage increase which with race,” el the Disting ed Conduct Médol. and Weikeuare Tune wedding sogrRniece WINDSOR’S A re
other matterg would bring the cost 0 ee aS | wounded three times, and as soon as ery eas ; F . 4 ‘
operation $6,000,000 over the previous METHODISTS Bee ae CONSCRIP: recovered returned each time to the Mr. a eae =I ae eS es a fag GREATEST
year. The proposed increase woul ‘ front. Hig name appeared as killed | syi.5 pottie, was married to. Everett : - : 5

5 4 Serna aot GS - 1 shai sn Miss Lottie, was marrie ° ere ie
reyes See ee near sink er, Conscription in the form introduced aie battle oe Cerne aah viaag E. Anderdon, son of Mr, and Mrs. . so . CLOTHIER ‘
a arance that thecinereased: ravenue | by Sir Robert Borden was unanimous-} ¢ 4. momo hie death Robert Anderson, Leamington side- a Bes 4
would be devoted to new cqnipment|!y dudorsed by the Lamen’s Associa Ce road The brode was becomingly z ‘K,
and bettermént of the service j | tion of Toronto Methodist Conference COLCHESTER NORTH. dressed in ivory duchess satin and . He
Dalrymple, vice-president of the G, T,|.0m,Thursday night of last week, in shadow. lace, and bridal veil draped : :
R, and representatives ot the T., H.} session at, Carlton Street Methodist} The Elford League will have a| With spirea and carried-a bouquet of - - 3
Band the C. P. R, endorsed Mr.| church. “They ‘lao “Incorporated in| strawherny, and jco cream social~at | White snapdragons. She was attended CANADIAN COAL SUPPLY. ARTILLERY RECRUITING. Virtue. saa
Hanne’s contention. Coul, stous and the resolution, which will be serene the church the 26th of June. by her sister, Miss Lnella,.as brides- a ae ; See ae ? ‘ AN
2 . 2 7 FOV! P ut na a y " } ] mafic rt C led g eo * —"
— sewer pipe representatives asked for ed to Las Pcveramenty sideman ss 4 Rey. W. B. Donnelly will preach his mada tal See! POUGURE eeients It Is Essentially a Problem of Trans-|- Consternation reigns in artillery | ¢raprant uh eee ea ‘| DE ina Le
exeniption, and fruit growers, live naa a heart padustriegs aa a farewell next Sumday. § ae eB le the. Bream Sie portation | circles over a despatch received from saat en ey: are incensed or
7 30 ‘ food shou e conscripted, and that A strawberry festival and entertain. | SUpporte y Joseph Dring. Miss - ‘aI 3 ¢ F :
ace en age Senet munition factories should be controlled ment will be aana fasta: Gbaic Meth. Margaret Wflcox played the wedding et wee Menraths Gantroller ok Ganad: Ottawa: oy Sok Brow Landen, Oe 4 —— 4
> = : and operated by the State. Ddists church neces Weduuadavcaven! march. Abollt twenty sat down to a] ‘4! Supply, : 2 5 ' Apt to Come.
industries would.not stand it. i ils Li ante wadeociations oll aces ) baday evening, ptuous wedding breakfast. The} V@shington, where he has been con-|ing for the artillery arm of the ser-|  ,, yes : - Te
————————— SUEUR eee sae e thor | uae. 2athe) Program will be supplied AS eieores : sulting with the American fuel con-| vice is to be discontinued: For some|_ ! ¢xPect it any day now with white !
TWO BIG LINERS TORPEDOED, |the Toronto Conference believes that by Miss Smith, elocutionist, of Leam- | Dride’s travelling suit, was -of creme trollér® "The Anferican authorfiies are time ‘pas@inesrulting “his been Enisk| Dare’ 2s high as it is.” “What's that aI
L justice to the men of Canada who} ington;sMisg Grace Totten and EB, L,| Sees with hat to match, andthe dealing with the fuel situation in the|for the-6%rd battery. Meany young {YOu expect?” “An embargo on po- 5
‘ he South At-|have already enlisted for overseas} Hopgood, soloists; Essex quartet, Pot-| ®Ppy ‘couple left amid the congratu- . ; ‘| ry. ¥ YOUNB} etry,” a1
’ 2 — U7 0 he m+ vis .
Fe a a ae eer ngers | Military service, loyalty to the Em-lter Orch a De He a, Boeke, [lations and\good: wishes ofainumber | Orpusn nlanner which’ the:-dificult men from. the Unter) States came 3
+ ter Orchestra and Dr. H. A. Bowle; He does not over the border to become . gunners .

problem requires, Sink
that Canada will have any great’ dif-
culty in obtaining the quantity of
anthracite needed, if the transporta-
tion companies: are-able to distribute
it properly to the points in the Do-
minion where jt is required. _The sup-
plying of bituminous coal presents a
more difficult problem, and he desires
every’ Canadian consumer of bitumin-
ous coal immediately to write him at
Ottawa, stating the quantity of. coal
he has been consuming and the quan-

tity he will require.”
oo

His Report.

“Do people ever take advantage of
the invitation to use the church for
meditation and prayer?" a‘ city verger
was_once asked. “Yes,” he replied, “I
catched two of ‘em at it the other
day!” =

— 7
HUGE BEQUESTS BY \
LATE F. H. WALKER

$100. Reward, $100.

The readers of this*paper. will ‘be ~
pleased to learn that there fs st least —
one dreaded disease’ thatssclence bis.
been able to cure in all its stages, and-
that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Curé
fs the only positive cure now known
to the medical fraternity. Catarrh be-
{ng a constitutional, disease, requires
a constitutional treatment. Hall's”
Catarrh Cure is taken internally, act-
ing directly upon the blood and muc-
ous Burfaces of the system, thereby de-
stroying the foundation of the disease, x
and giving the patient strength by
building up the constitution and as-
sisting naturé in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its
curative power that they offer One
ae Doane re oes that. it
fails to. cure. Di r of testi .
monialsa. “A
Address; F.J. CHENEY & CO., To-
ledo, Ohio. >
Sold by Druggists, price, 75c.
Take Hall's Family Pills for consti-

and the drafts which have been sent
over to England have been composed
of particularly fine mien, who, from
the date of thdir enlistment, have
Showed the greatést keenness jin
their work, and trainéd in record
time. Jt was rumored at headquart-
ers on Saturday that Major Cameron
will go overseas with the next draft;
as-for some time past he has been
using every effort to get overseas
with an artillery unit:

  

   
    

Nw

  
    
  
   
  

  

  

  
     
   
    
   
  

    
   
  
 
  
 
 

   
   

  
    
  
     
  

 

    
   
    
  
    
  

A FEW EPIGRAMS.

 

No man knows exactly how he looks.

A rut is a gravé -without ends ‘or
top. ;

Evil
throned

If there were no clouds there would
be’ no rainbows.

That man {is great who has great
friends and great enemies.

Whether a man is a sneak- or “A
detective dépends on his motive.

A true church is the embodiment of}
the spiritual ideals of the race.

The things which*are fundamental
are rooted in the constitution of na-
ture. E

When a young man goes throu
college jn an automobile he is mov-
ing some. s

Remember that this day—today—is
the greatest day’ in therhistory of the
world.

Nature is well-dressed—four changes
of raiment’in the year js the divine
allowance.

Certain women would die happy if
they could see this old world swept
and dusted. ~ \

' A criminal 4s q pessimist—when a
man Obiieves evrything is going
wrong he goes wrong.

A religious doctrire*or theological
dogmn,- if true, will find its best illus-
tration in nature.

  
 
   
 

 

   

‘commercialized is evil en-

   
    
  
  
 

    
  
 
 
 

 

 
   
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
    
   
    
      
    

   
  
 

State of MicWigan'to Receive $26,605
of Estate.

According to final figurés the state
of Michigan will re¢eive an inheri-
tance tax of $26,605.52 on thé es-
tate of the Iate Franklin .H. Walker,
former head_of Hiram Walker &
Sons, Limited, of Walkerville. +
The widow of the distiller receives
$1,300,531.77, in addition to real. es-
tate valued at°$97,000. -

To the Countesg Ella Matuschka,
of Bechau, ‘Silesia Germany, the
daughter, is bequeathed a share
amounting to. $1,280,000. .

Under the will the household and
family servants are given in cash
sums amounting to 10 per cent: of
the» gross amounts paid, them during

 

     
   
   
   
 

American Restaurant

Murray Street
Amherstburg

SPECIAL .-

FISH, CHICKEN,
FROG LEG DINNERS

Boat and Auto Parties Served on
Short Notice.

CHOW & SUEY:

G@GBPROPRIETORS *«

   
     

   

       
  
   

   
    
  
    
   

   
  
  

  
  

     

   

    
   
   
  
   
  
     
    
  
  

    
    
  
   
       
     
     
   

   
  
  
  

 

The will also provides that the
widow of the late General Frederick
W. Swift shall be furnished a suit-
able residence or apartment during
her life.

 

 

    
    
 
 
   

 

  

bill, to legalize the sale of Sunday
n pers dn the Lord’s Day and to
the moral and spiritual life of the
» community, and a serious menace) to
our national life, we thérefore express
our disapproval to any such legisla-
tion” +5 2

Another resolution denounced the
uso of automobiles for Sunday pleas-
“ure, which, the copference considered,
eee church congregations dur-

   
    
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
 
  

   
  
  

   

     
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
    
    
  
  
  
 
  
  

  

ond assertions . that millions of
rounds of ammunition lind been
stored in this jclty for ‘immediate
shipment, were made yesterday by
Count Max Lyner Louden, applying
for a pardon for bigamy conviction
in. general court. y
» He said he was to be tne chief of
staff and fiell marshal of tho ex-
pedition.

Drills were in progress ameng the
German reservists in’ every Turner
hall in the country, he said. :

These statements were confirmed
by Federal Agent Adams, who also
declared 2,000,000 rounds of ammu-
nition had been seized in a house at
200 Houston street,

Londen said fe had turned over to
the secretary of war deta{led plans
of the projected invasion. :
He told Judge Rosalsky he would
exchange a plan to make ships sub-
imaringé proof for a pardon.
After a hurried consultation with
representatives from! the distriot at-
tormmey's office, Judge ,Rosalsky de-.
cided to turn down the offer, remark-
ing that he would act on Londen’s ap-
plication’ “when tho war {5 over.”
Se ae cl
~~ When Wisdom Comes, oa
Of course, Age is wise—but the wis-
‘dom comes of looking, backward. -

ee A Native Acacia.

The Misses Dora Liddle; Amy Hick-
son and Ning» Derbyshire, and John:
Featherston, who have been attending
the Normal school at London, return-
ed home on Saturday. The final ex-
amination this ycar is said to have
been just a little more difficult than
ordinarily.

While working in his uncle's plan-
ing mil] ot Galt, on Friday Jast, Frank
Bailey, son of J. W. Bailey, of this
place, had the misfortune to have the
lite finger of his left hand cut off
by a,circular saw, and two’ other fin-
gers badly Inceratod. The doctors
think they will be able to save the
third finger... He is_now in the hos-
pital and doing 28 well as could be
expected...

  
 
  
   
  
   
  

adjourned; T. W. Weyburn vs. H.
Niece, jndgment for plnintiff; R. M.
Birce and G. W, Doyle ve. R. Robert-
son, adjourned; Brett & Auld vs. S. A.
Kenifeck, judgment for plaintiffs;
B. J. Moore vs. §. A. Kenifeck, judg-
ment for pinintiff; W.-H: Richardson
vs. S.A. Kenifeck, judgment for plain-
tiff; J. A Hicks vs, S, A. Kenifeck,
dismissed; J. D. Simons vs: D.
Schwartz, adjourned; Charles Talbot
and B.-Meloche vs, Jos. Webster, dis-
missed as to garnishees; W. ‘Neuen-|. .
dorfe va. D, York, judgment for plain-

tiff; -Mre. Beratram vs, Ged. Campbell,
judgment for plaintiff; M..E. Bartosh :
vs, Wm. Boose, judgment for plaintiff; (a ‘ <2

Wm, Neuendorf vs. Almer Doan, judg- ) oa .
ment for plainriff; Shelton Campbell]

; ye. J. Lutvak, judgment for $2.
‘A Idrge delegation of fishermen ee
along the Iake shore appeared before |241ST BATTALION BROKEN UP.

the Railway Commission. in Toronto },
on Wednesday in an effort to get some} ‘Information was receyed by W. T.
Gregory from Englani

relief from the miserable express ser, id, Tuesdany morn-
ing of last week,

Lvice they have been having as the re- alw -
sult of having but one express train} tish Borderers h com ations, striped and heuped see ;
‘ag a battalion nnd b l lig

ae way since asst qeanars, ‘<The 4
Rallway Board met at the Commercial | bth Reserve Batt San a whiney SI ! ch li
| Hotel, Wheatley, Wednesday, to in-|ting.. Th : ‘ “oys i en
quire further imto the matter.” | ordered to go

 

  
  
 
 
  
 
  

   
  
    
    
   
   

    
   
   
   

  
 
  

   
   
   
      
   
     
 

   
   
   
    
  
  
  
   
   

         
 
  

ve.

   
  
 

    
 
   
  
  

‘the summer months.
‘The 43rd General Assemply of the
esbyterion church in Cannda, meet-
) ing. «Montreal, unanimously agreed
-& course In regard to the projected
if the Presbyterian, Methodist
_ denominations,

act a discon-

, ~ assures
© of organized propagandan-

and against the object until.
} fe conclusion of the
syts the imminently,threat-

Presbyterian church

   
 
  
  
  
     
 
  

Summer Dresses
FOR MISSES —

fo

“Dresses.so fluffy, jaunty and cool looking thai
you -will es ‘you could wear summer dresses
_ Voiles, Lawns, Voile and Gingham

‘to

    
 

   
   
  
  
   
  

 
   
 
   
  

    

      
   
  
     
   

 

   
    

         

  
    
  
     
   
    

 

  
 
  

 
   

  
 

   

 

of acacia, the cat's cl
which is: but a shrub in
but comes a tree
i

im
Young Man's Blue Worstod and Sarge Suis, S28, 65,1202 | § KOUSE DRESSES.

Aremarkable offering of, Ladies’ fine Gingham House Dresses made of good wearlng? aterials, in pretty stripe pattorns, neatly
trimmed with piain colpreak chambray. All good generous alzes—34 to 42—76c, $1.00 $1.10, $1.40 and $1.50. co :

          

‘ / eae
We always have extra ¢ suits at these pricea; pure wool Yorkshire worsted and serges, several shades; a big assortment;

ee

— worth fully 25 per cent moi

© Boys’ SUITS $4.50, $5.00,$5.50, $5.75, $6.00, $6.50, $7, $7.50

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

   

‘ } és 2 -
@ beautiful imported, pure wool, durable and cool homespun fabrics, tailored to fit and styled to satisfy the ; r ‘ .
Stier hve lade fram ages 7 to 18, AL the new belters and pinch’ back-effects, full size bloomers with latest knee fasteners i z , : ol
and belt straps. Bring the boys to Berube's. 2
B y Blouses. ‘50e | Bo sy Blouses Boys’ Overalls | BOYS’ BRACES children’s Summer Dresses, in black and white checks, also blue or pink Chambray, well made ang finished; 2 to 6 yoars,
0ys , ’ y 7 5 ; a ee 15c, 18, 20c, 250 3c 9 7c ts Middies made of fine white washing material, trimmed with blue or pink; pocket and belt effect; 4, 6 and 6 years, 760
—- 1 tyle. Boys’ an ouths’ Overalls i . a . jj
: ae hie. ore AKL, b0c C. in all sizes, in stripe; well | BOYS’ BELTS Childrens’ Wide Black Patent Leather Ladies’ Black. or White Lisle Hose, - cies hme eee Miata good fast
for this same quality. We : made. Will wear a sturdy Paleo  f ers ae 26e extra sfzes, for. .......0.25-s 35¢ , iy seve. 266
have a dig assortment of Extra quality in neat s | 25c, 40c, 50c “pe trun ecu ee Genet anes
d plain white. All | boy for a whole year. Per | es
stripes, also blue. All sizes | stripes and plain . | .).
‘in each pattern. sizes in each, {pale om... Ses e ken wes 75c | Black, Grey and Tan. . Ladies’ White Underskirts, tucked and s
= , 2 9 Ladies’ Summer Under Vests, short “e ees 3
Underwear and Hosiery--Men’s Spring and Summer Und’ rwear || ‘sie wnite Boot Sik Hose, sizes |» sleeves or sleeveless— 90, $1,00, $1.25, $1.80, $2.00 and $2.75
Es ‘ > 834,°9, 9% and 10—_ 10c, 15c, 25c, 45¢c and 50c A
: Single garments and combination sults. You will find here the size, the weight, the quality and the value you are looking for. Et: i =“ F
* Golors are white, natural and pink;* short sleeves and knee length, short sleaves and ankle length, or long sleeves and enkle length. 35Q 40c and 50c¢ —— WHITE GOODS 2
ee * :
BALBRIGGAN COMBINA-~ PENMAN’S BEST MERINO COMBINATION | FINE WOOL COMBIN- Dimitses ..-,052-+
TION SUITS : | UNDERWEAR—$1.25 | ATION TOWELLING. Muslin ..
Short or long sleeves, per Balbriggan. Double thread, | , bone sleeves end ankle os’ Whit 7 Noe and L Crepes ..
‘UE ch os  . $1.00 ine eee i | length, natural : shade, a If you must wear wool you Ladies Syisiera yk Walstareaion | Check Glass Towelling, red check, Voiles....
+ @ Every size, Rasy rte | double service. <All sizes— | Ses oF A see fe iil suse anon sah eat — pointed collar hemstitched; pearl | good ‘dryer. 22 in¢hes -wide— Batisted : ;
sg = a white, do 2 } ite > & J. - 4
toa Soy moe Aratch. 34 to 48.... - 0c or long lengths. in our well assorted stock buttons; size 38 to 42:,,...$2.75 10c, i4¢, 15¢ and 20¢ Middy Cloths. . 2

 

       
        
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
    
     
      
   
   
 
 
  
 

 

   
     
  
   
   
  
 
   
       
        

 

 

 

 

a
«

—,

=

: . L ws. J. 0. Peck, of Windsor was |wESLEY. CHURGH NEW PASTOR. ; PRPEPPIPEPPPEIORPS
Seasonable Table Supplies. | the guest of her parents, Captain and | , eee Brown—In PUNT ES: Tuesday, June £ x

401m, 1917, the wife of Mr. John

consents Tater gers neal Maker THIS STORE Your
Shopping Place First! ~

   
   
     
 
 
    
  
      
 
 
  
     
    

    

rles' Va of. the M. C.
Was called to W ebarre, Pa., W

( Good Things To Eat. nesday, owing to ¢

Just. now we are specializing on APPLE BUTTER, at 15c, th.; | ter
STRAWBERRY and RASPBERRY JAM in pails or jars; PRUNES, at 15c.,
S0c., 25c. per tbh; CRAB APPLE and RED CURRANT JELLY at 15¢c. fh.

See our Green Goods display Saturdaye—RH UBARB, LETTUCE, ONIONS,

RADISHES, STRAWBERRIES. Get your orders in through the week.

J. H. LOVEG ROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont} ‘

GROCER SPECIALIST. F
3
TOWN aND COUNTY. | —Mrs, Lambert- Drouillard is crit
cally fl.

—Mrs. Pascal Reaume visited rela-}“—Dorothy, little daughter of Capt.

tives in Sandwich, last week. Harry Cook, is quite il.
—Miss Emma Wigle is now employ- —The banns of Miss Stella He
ed on the staff of the Imperial Bank.}and Josep Laferte were pub
—L,. Pillon’s. infant_child has been | jn the R. C, church, Sunday. TherwWed-

This store is the leading place in Amherstburg for

  

Cousins, of & daughter.

Chase—In- Essex, Sunday, June 10th, 1917,
the wife of Mr. William Chase, of a
daughter.

olark—lo Gosfetd South, Thursday, June
f4th, 1917, the wife of Mr. Clarence.
Clark, of a daughter. w

Campbéell—in Colchester North,» Thursday,
June 7th, the wife of Mr. Donald
Campbell, of a son. 7

Dowltr—In Malden, ¢ Friday, June 5th,
1017, the wife of Mr, Edward Dowler,
of a daughter. é

Damphousse—In Essex, Sunday, June 19th,
1017, the wife of Mr, Moses Dain-
pPhousse, of a daughter.

Dusty—In Windsor, Wednes:
1917, the wife of Mr, E. ¢, t
a daughter,

Hicks—In Maidstone, Sunday, June 101th,
1917, the wife of Mr. Frank Hicks, of
a daughter.

Jubenvilie—in Amherstburg, Sunday, June
17th, 1017, the ife of Mp. Elmer
Jubenville, of a son. es

Malenfant—In Colchester © North, Friday,

are See our Stock and Prices before buying elsewhere
summer home

It is a beautiful cot-

 
 

 

 
   

  

Beautiful stock patterns in Limoges, Nippon and
Semi-Porcelain. A big assortment in fancy Nut Bowls,
Salads, Bon Bons, Cake Plates, Berry Sets, Hanging
and Parlor Lamps—all so suitable as gifts for the June
bride. &

and daugh-
nd, Ohio,
nd Mrs,
street. — Mrs,
3, is also vfsiting

      

 

  

Our stock of Wall Papers is still the best in town.
China, Wall Paper, School Supplies

  

of the Dept. of
Ita,, $8

   
  
  

  
    
 

 

   

 

very, ill} and under the ~ care of | ding4s announced for Monday next. Is Jie 18th, 1917, the wife of Mr. Fd+

trained nurse. —Miss Madge Wiley, H. S: teacher, pt:) J..S. MoQueen. ward Malenfant, of a son, E and Groceries.
—Do not overlook the Imteresting | jeft on Tuesday for her home in Dres- oln ‘the colors, but Robertson-—I i Souths sweaiiess
day, ith, 2047, the eof Mr.

   

owing to défect

Alexander Robertson, ofa daughter,

 

recipes in the “Women’s Department”) den, the examinations having been} 0%

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   

    

 

on another page. completed and the school term closed: Sein , Robson—In Mersea, Friday, June 141. 1947, ’ 8 %
—Mrs, Allan McGee and daughter) —Mr.4and Mrs. J. H. Alexander RS es Ld ccna eerie ete ariow a1
. Verna left last week on an extended | Alma stréet, announce the-eng Rev. L. W. Reid, B. D., who. suc- Sree shi Windsor, Tuesday, June Sth, - ‘ = .

ajned at|ceeds Rev, A. W. Tonge in the pastor-
Jobn fate of Wesley Methodist church, 4s @
{ young mcn coming into the prime of
O. | life. Heisca graduate of Wesley Col-

1917, the wife of Mr, Alex. Stewart,

of a daughter,

Taylor—In. Windsor, Monday, June 18th,

» 1917, the wife of Mr. \. E, Taylor,
of a son.

visit with hér parents, in Saskatch-|.of their third daughter. Anna Louise,
ewan. to°Charles Anderson Webb, of Detroit,

—Mrs. (Capt.) Reid, of Conneaut,|the wedding to take place éarly in
came to Amherstburg last week to} July. 3

Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper. :
‘ AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO,

 

 

 

 

 

 

see her sister, Miss Lott; who is con-}/ —Departmental examinations are ted}lege and McGill University, Meat), |) ———

walescing after an “ttack-of typhoid | being carried on, ‘The pupils-complet- He has als completed the B: Wee ae MARRIAGES. < - :
ed writing on School, En- ree and soiie post-graduate ‘studies: (yrne—kenny—At the Ro church,

eres. pee rg Cees tt a ee : f a "Wood:lee, Wednesday, June 20th, ih

at the former institution.” He has’
specialized in young people's work,
‘and has been District President of
and Forty-frat | Epworth. Leagues in Strathroy and
ty Kiltfes) has | Exeter. Districts; “At present he is
sken up in ‘ind posted | North Middlesex County Secretary of
the Fifth Re at) the Provincial S. SmAssociation: The
t. Sandling. The junior: officers | school at Granton, his former charge,
been ordered to gu on courses | is one of the finest In the Province,
senior offieers are seld to be|and is a constant feader of the church
jmembersiip. Mrs, Reid is a’ hearty

i | co-worker with, her husband in all the
will be helt in the*Wi social, and missionary enterprises of
M1 Monday, June . 26t.|the> church. She is a daughter of

—William Hall, aviation instructor,| trance to Normal Monday. Mp. Camp-
of Camp Borden, was in town Sanday} bell, of Leamington, was presiding ex-
visiting~old—friends. Mr. Hajl was | aminer, while Mr. Overholt had charge
formerly connécted with thé local} at Essex.
branch of the Molsons Bank. —L. Bertrand, J. J. Ryan, P. “A. Bar-

—Members of the Ontario License|ron and A. J. Burns accompanied
Board are pondering over ‘questions | Windsor Knights ‘of Colambus on 34
asked by border yachismen™ as tO|trip by automobile to. Mt. Clemens,
the legality of keeping liquor on} Sunday, to.-pay a fraternal visit to
yachts for consumption of the owners. |ahe Knights of that city. “It required

—The servides in St. Andrews) thirty-five cars to transport théMparty.
church next Sunday will be conducted] —The following Windsor young men
by C. BE. Boyd, one of the sectétaries |} spent Monday in Amherstburg, én
of the Detroit Y/ MGA. The even-|route for Cobourg, where they will he» chu
jng service till further notice will be] join the Cobourg Heavy Battery:— eferee Henderson will be|Frank Inch, Esq., of Strathroy. Their
held at’ 7.30 o'clock. Wendell Merrill.’ Francis Bell, F, B.|in tharge. One of the principal cases | family consists of two,girls.

—Dr. R, H. Abbott received word] Isaacs, Jos. Brian, M. BH. ~Pritchard, ae icy, besos: pil pe the Bick of SS
yesterday (Thursday) that bis son,| George Jackson and Harry Laesser. | 0derdon = anc olchester Sout j
Cob. Bertrand Abbott, who went to —The entire “freewill offeringy of t their assessment for the Long IMPROVING THE FRONT ROAD.
Camp Borden, last weék, had success-| $116,000 presented to Rev. Billy Sun-| - drain extension
fully passed his final medical examin-| day at New York at’the close of his marriage of Miss Annie Mary.

4 ation and also his preliminary mechan-| evangelistic campaign in that city sh, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Geo. |
a ical examination. will be presented»by the évangefist to} Bruyh, of Malden, and Fred Mundy, of |

—A force of 100 returned soldiers] the Red Cross and the Young Men‘s| Windsor, was quietly. solemnized at}
may be stationed*im Windsor and] Christian “Association, in equal am-} Christ church rectory, Amherstburg,
border points to patrol the Detroit and|ounts. Mr. Sunday sent a chéck for} 00 Wednesday afternoon, by Rey. F. O.
St Clair river fronts to prevent men | $5800 to»the local branch of the Nichol, in the absence of Rev, | Mr:

) of qilltary age from leaving the coun-| Red Cross. Wright, rector. Mr. Mundy and bride |
try for other than business reasons} —The*Provincial Départment of In- Will reside in Windsor.

‘and with written ¢opsent of the im-|surance jas been advised that the] —J. T. Keena’s four-yecr-old son had
migration department. Oddfellows’ Relief Association and the| 80 adventure Wednesday at their Bols

—J. H. Pettyplece is the first local] Canadian Order of Foresters purpose Blanc summer home which turned out
gardener on the market with home|putting into effect substantial in-| Very fortunate for him. He opened |
grown strawberries, having enjoyed creases in insurance rates {n order to| 4" ppstairs window screen, fell out, |

_! the initial picking 6n Thursday of Jast | place their organization#on an actuar- slid'down the roof on his “tummy” and |

week.° While thé crop/{s from ten|ial basis. By the Insurance Act, ag Tolled over the édge to a drop of 12

days to two weeks later than, usual, ]amended, al} fraternal societies must,| tect. He suffered a bit. from shéck,

the weather now is particularly favor-|after December 31st next, make aj but Dr.»Abbott. who was hurriedly |
ablefor ‘the ripening of the berries. | valuation by actuary of assets and auepuouee, curd his bodes polactine

—The services of Wesley ‘church | liabilities, and a report be.sent to d iittie the worse for his. fall. F aN oy 7
next Sunday will be as*follows:—9:30| every member before July 1st of every| —Fred. A. Reaume, of Windsor, who pee i Sate eer He
am., Men's Brotherhood; 10.30 a.mi,| third year thereafter. recently purchased the upper end of | Poo oi, f the { ara tc

“While it is Day’: 11.30-a.m., open| —Dr. W.S. French, Sec.-Treas. Pub-| BOb-Lo,’ spends the week-ends there, |i. ning whic hs. eas 1 apie ecg

sessién of the Sunday school; 7 p.mt.,| lic School Board, rece -] and has a*number of carpenters mak: | (or 08 fe i the sounty gunna

“aLiving Sacrificé.” This will’be the }tion from) Inspector Mexwellthis week| /"S repairs to the buildings and erect-) 774 7 on Leet ; y" mi ,
‘closing Sunday with the present pas-}to retain 2%4% of each and! every in- additional cottages. As soon as| oy wml. fail ca F ‘i ‘erament § fe

tors of the church,’ Rev. A. M. Stuart | stalment paid to teachers since March closes he expects to moye his | PPOY? folgw_in due course, an

1017, Dy-Rew. Fr. Ford, Mr. Edward
P. Byrne to Miss Agquic Elizabeth hen-
ny, all of Naidstone,
Bertrand—Martin—aAt the We C. ¢ Ph,
Amherstburg, Thursday, June at,
1917, by Fr, Christian, E
som. of the. Felix Bertrand,ao ?
Loma, ds ter oF Mr Cafibins Mar
Mmherstou es
vof—-At St. Alphonsus R.
c,. church, Windsor, Saturday, Jue
16th, by Rev.- Dean. Dowas,
Nr, Har Valter Cullen, of Detroit,
to Miss Melen Louise Vanderhoos, of
Windsor.
Desiippe lechie—aAt
Tecumseh Monday
by Rev. Fr. “Lan . Frieman, son
of Mr. Ma Deslippe, Malden, to
Miss Eva, enter of Mr. George Ce-
umseh, formerly of ~Me-

 

         
      
        
   
 

 

THE, STORE-OF_ VALUES

   

 

 
   
 
  
 
  

        
   
  
   
 
   
 

 

Cullen—V anit

A Good Companion —
‘For the Hot Weather

~

Staw Hats | Stiaw Hats!” Straw Hats |

»
Our stock is now complete in American, English and
Canadian Straws, consisting of all the latest styles—wide
brim, medium brim and narrow brim.

¥

    
    
   
        
        
  

 

 

  

     
  
 

  

Anne's eburety,
ne 18th, 1917,

   

 

 

    
  
     
  
 
   
  
 
    
     
  
    

    

   

 

Greenway—At the home of
ce Gimson, 13374 Wyandotte
t, Walkerville, on Saturday; tune
957, by Elder L *) frown,

 

  
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
 
 

The movement to improve tue river
front. rood from St»ClaipBeach to-Am-
herstburg Js being advanced another
step by the county eouncil, in session
this week, by the passing of a by-law
to authorize the Warden and Clerk to
j/enter into an agreement with the
municipalities of St. Clair. Beach,
Sandwich East, Sandwich West, An-
derdon and Amherstburg, as soon as
\By4taw’ No, 375—under ‘which the
jfront road Jn these municipalities was
includéd {n the county scheme, to be
improved under tle Local Improve-
ment Act,—!s approved by the Ontario
Government, the county not to expend
any money towards the maintenance
or construction of this front road un-
til ale 5 municipalities furnish the
funds: hursday of last week, Deputy

   

. Greenway, of Maidstone,
ww—At St. Alphonsus’
Thursday, June ;

 

17, Mr: A
Edith Han} 1 of Winds
McFarlane me of Nev,
2 Hind) 1 <
ipth, 1997

of Mrs.
of Leamington.

A big assortment of the latest novelties in Children’s
Straws. ,

A full line of English, American and Canadian hard,
soft and Fedora Felt Hats—new shapes.

 

June 20th, $417, by FP W. EL Pes-
cott, paston Central Methodist church,
Mr. Wilfred Lee; to» Miss Marjorie

of Mrs. Robert Sex-
ndsor. :
t the R. C.
Wednesda’

  
    

daughter
af Wy
t

   
   

Prices lower than any in thé city, Come and get

F, P, Scratch & c

simps Marsin-— In Re Si furday, CONSERVATIVES EXPECT m
er 1947, Wee " - 3 7
fon of Mr. Robert Simpson, Talbot CONSCRIPTION TO CARRY | | A x ‘ a 5 {. :
street east, nington, to Miss Lavra ‘ PA e

Martin, daughter of Mr. Joseph Mar- | Extension of Term is Giving Govern-
, of Toronto, .

Mousseau—At, St, Alphonsus’
ehuren. Windsor, on Tuesday,Jnne
2th, 1917, Rev. Fr. Downey, Ern-

chureh, Am-
June 20th,
: oie Mr. Josopn
Meloehe to Mrs. BI , BN of,
Amherstburg, =
Mundy~--Brush—At, the Rectory of Christ
church, = AmberStburg, — Wednesday,
June 20th, 1017, by Rev: F, O. Nichol,
pastor St, Andrews church, Mr, Fred.
Mundy, of Windsor, Miss. Mary
Annie, daughter of Mx, George Brush,
of Malden.

Spracklin—Welsh—At_ the home of -the
bride’s parents, Tuesday, June ~19th,)
1917, Rev. W. E. Pescott, Rey, Les
He oO yracklin to MiSs Myrie Eleanor,

 

 

  

Or.

  
   
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
  

   

SO os De oe as ae a eS ee ee eS SSS SM Mi YM MO Ma a

 

:

+

  
     

 

    
      
  
  
  
   
   
    

: will preach at both services. 27th for the Provincial Teachers’ Sup-| fmily into the large residence for titel] Re, rout roa cee oe daughter of Mr, W. J. Welsh, all of
a Capt. H. Peacock, who has | erannuation Fund, avhich went -{nto|Summer months. The other places |<" ot ) MAI
¥ —Capt. H. Dobson C e nave been rented, and will be opened |2¢#eme of improvement, which the

been on a three weeks’ siék leave in| effect at that'time, This contribution
England, hds been pronounced by the| is collected through Secretary-Treas-
medical board physically unfit forjurers from all téachers on the various
furthér duty in France and has been|staffs, and Involves considerable de-
‘appointed senior chaplain at Bram-|tail work. Just how teachers, whose
shot, Enrinnd. Captain Pézcock has| positions haye been only temporary,
served one year in France as chap-|or who aré giving up the profession
oad Jain. with the 4th Brigade. © this “month, feel about this contribu-

  
  
     
          

 

as soon as projected improvements Gaal Roads Committee of the County

are completed. . Council have jn hand.

Soe ae “a pee at eG —Lorne .Pettyplece, of Forest, has
oseph ~ Meloche, pth of this}, + A > x

town, was solemnized at the R. C. arrived in town to be paymaster for

ee one Wednesday. morning by atari 7: Kile; Miss:Mag-
ev. Fr. istian. ae 9.” -PoNPinas' Narhikes ais
= n Py Y Ae " up their regidauce Spice ae aa gle: Ferriss, ‘ ter Ferrigs. and
—Up-bound without cafgo, the small] tion has not been ascertained, but it § 3 Ts. »Robi-} ir and Mrs, F. H. Ferriss, of Harrow
steamer ‘Parks struck 6n rd’a|is a safe guess that “salaried secre-| 40ux, on Seymore street. Wednesday| were in Windsor Wednesday attend”
reef, lower Detroit river, T rday | tarles" will be the outcome of the ex-| ight a crowd from that part of the|ing ‘ne wedding of Postmaster Fer-

* ‘night. Acting on advice > crew|tra work {mposed in keeping account| town proceeded to give the newly-weds’| 71,4° granddaughter, Miss Marjorie

 

nr| ment Concern.
‘s It is said at Ottawa that the Con-
+ 1 servatives have canvassed the whole
scot ot Pua Sega, oP Sct Cofeription situation, and: are. toni
+ OF WWINMBOF. dent that, referendum will nak betel
hee—In Windsor, inesday, | enough votes to defeat the compulsory
y i
pa aan Lets ames, walt to, Mrs.) measure. They are counting on only 0
Wisle—Jones—At the home ofthe bride's | dozen desertions, which would amount
ther, Detroit, Mich., Thursday, Juné| to’ a turnover of 24 votes, and their

 

   
  
   
  
  

 
        
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
    
  
       

 
 
    
   

 

All arrears of 1916 Taxes must be
paid before July 1st, 1917, to’ eave ——
costs, as | will be compelled to forcd
Payment after that date. _ Se.

 
 

      
  
 
   
 

    
  
 
 
    
    
   
   
  
   
 
     
     

     
  
 
  

  
  
   
  
     
   

Se) Ee er a a ee Nc ee ee

    
  
  
 
 
 
 
    

  
  
         

 

+ "4 = " Id-fashioned rousing reception. = 71h, 1917, by Rev rile : A eee
/ of the tug Marion Trove, the master] of the new system, gn 8 D Lowry, and Wilfrid: Lee. - The~ cere- zune i by Rev. “Mr. Pearce, Bruce. | nominal majority Is about thirty. In TT :
: 7 a ATRERA a) deal MelMit: Oe Bip Brook@r appa ' . son’ of Mr. Willlam Wigle, to Jenfie | D0™inal [oy Meat i J. H. PETTYPIECE,.
of¢he Parks signalled Capt. A. J-Fox, J. W. Gibb brs closed » deal with] ©. O-.F. Broo! Taeeeear ee te |mony took place at he home of the ” daughter of Mr. Nelson J, Jones, | addition they will have the support of ie

of the steamer Put-in-Bay to|the Park Estate for the,property, cor
ner Murray, and Bathurst streets, so
long occupied by the Inte Miss O'Mad-

 
      
    
     
      
    
    
    
      
   
   
   
   

bride's mother, Mrs. Robert Sexton, _aN_of Detro a certain numbér of Liberals.
80 Moy avénue;-and was solemnized a en = What they are anxious about now
by Rev. W, 5, Pescott, pastor Central EATHS.. : is the extension of the parli ry

away like snow In summer, - Frank
Mailloux being the one exception, and

  

‘put on full speed in passing. The Swell
j from the passenger boat released the

 
   
    
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
   
  

     
    
    
   
      
      
    
    
      
    
   
    
  
   

  

‘ ; al for his boldneag he received a couple : oN y San, eee !
j Parks without assistance ‘of a tug: |dén. He will likely have the building auth Methodist church, Mr: Leo and bride | Bolfon= In. Windon, Sunday. Juno 17th. | tern. They feel that if Liberals who.
Windsor coun@il Monday night|removed from same and further than| Qf Hours In the cooler, and a fine of'/1eft for trip to “Toronto and other He ae Harold. Bolton, = aged: 34] UNI conscription’ Vote’ solldly'|

   
  

    
    
    
   
   
   
     
   

    
  

    

       

   

. ed a recommendation of a sub-|that his plans aro~indefinite. These] $5 and costs. Quite a number of Iads| easter points and on th et Beetham—At Kingsville, § r
committee that coal be purchased by| buildings are among the oldest~ in|! military age was in the party. | 43) venine ar Windia SER aT oe he ter ae chloe’ Neeibam, Sper Err aE ea

They could have far more fun and
noise by signing up and going to the

    
  
       
 

Amberstburg, the corner one, which
‘fs partly of log construction, standing
over 100 years in that location. -The
‘price ‘of anthracite there runs| other, which was used as a store, was
$9 to $9.50 per ton. It is hoped | built by the late W._C. Gibb, and his
“ean be reduced by approximately | brother, Andrew Gibb, on the present
3 ton. The cash will be supplied | site of the Government dock, and was
ae ounce as a as required. puedes a a by the 4 Alexander A ip
=A special meeting of the town| Hackett, who later moved to Colches-| first haif of the month of June, the re- chard Stewart, who is quite i}l.— | Green—At the Sanitarium, Union, Saturday, Coun
council ‘was held Saturday. noon, at-|ter. It was afterwards moved to Mur-|turns for which were compiled at|A number trom bérrnttonden the fun- or Wwindeor, aged at aD Qa Algae rae = anil witht
dended by Mayor Park and Councillors} ray street and occupied by the Jate| militia headquarters at London: Mon-| eral of. the late Mrs. Albert, Cammi- | Hussey—in Wink rae nesd an ada 18th, } mill additional for Provincial war tax.
Sutton, Allen,)Craig, Crimmins and} Denis Delisle as a shoe shop in the| day, showing that 291 mev were enlist- | ford, of North Ridge, on Tuesday after-} ~ Irene, aughter of Mr. ames Hussey; | ‘The rate includes a. levy of six-tenths
Denike, The pavement construction|ecarly 60's. Miss O’Madden was the| ed during that time. This is a small |noon.—B. Anderson and O. Plford, of | jpio, "10 ‘ty role juné of a/mill on the: townships interested

jaw was read and passed, and the| next occupant,'and she find it over 60| number short of the usval tate of about | Windsor, visited Sunday—On |” sot, ‘Aibert, L. “inion of Windsor, | In the county Good roads plan for pre |

ind of Works and Mayor Park auth-| years. : 300 men during cach half month. Dur- | Sunday morning Semuel Piper, receiv- aged 54 Vears. - ; _* inary ae a ion of a mill |
orized to complete the contract with} —The following is the list of sta-|ing the last half of May over 600 men | ¢d word from that, his | 2onn%en—Mn bk ced eel tat al Pa) tly ree part of the county’s contribu-

typleces “Limited for the work.| tions of the |Methodist ministers of] were secured, but that ¥a8 an excep-| fourth eldest . Zone, JORDAN: ABO BL ran ate na} Patriotic fond
proportions payable by the rate-|/the Windsor District:—Windsor (Cen-| tional period, during wh\th conscrip-|¢r, was seri : oe. Wednesday, » June | The er eeenatimation Jo the sami
respectively are| tral), Heber| W. Crews, M.A., D.D.;| tion was introduced. The raté of en-| hospita), London, d. The nat hee axed) 31 as last year. x 2g
and 331-3%. The contractors | Windsor (London Street), Robert] listments is. now down (? less than /|of the jIincss was: d. On: te n Ry 2 7 —

on the work Monday|Hicks, B.D. Windsor (Howard Ave-| normal... Western’ Onteto cannot | day morning word: : George “aged 6 3 ; ‘Son
- « .~ Jnus) George Kersey; Walkerville, laim credit for the total rember of | Piper was dead.

, President of the | Humphrey 4. Graham, B.A.; Ambherst-} men tdi ey large as a great. 1

ty pe P burg, Leslie W. Reid, B.A., B.D.; Mal-|of that number from pe ‘United |as the comp
eral Mennger, ona Seniog| 4. Gaal Harrow, ne State, although there i 9 jedecining | abou
ad Awherst-| Husser, » B. Nae _| fea 1 in the m f 3
branches on Saturday. | Joseph W.|Hibbert; Kingsville, Geo, Soa e oP r the bo 4
aspect & G00 King, B,A.; Ruthven, H. J. Creecy;

the elty in “reasonable quantities, and
sold to citizens at cost when used for
“household purposes only.” The pres-

daughter of the ‘late John Beetham; ‘
ry k de, ment. On the otter hand, Sir Wil-

COLCHE NORTH. | chovatior—av ine Sanit mick See eee cert
big show in Francé. ; n a janitarium, Union, Sun: | frid Laurier may, ff the conscription
Elford. ' | of Aout: Worlitee :jolm Chevalier, | hint ig passed, be willing to grant’an

—Recruiting In Western Ontario not Cummiford-—At North ‘Ridge, Fadi: extension, .on the und that the
ul

wt tas KS er
only fell back to the normal rate that} Miss Pauline Cammiford, of Wind- 45th, 1097, Mra. Albert Government should the responsi- a Sia or i 4
prevailed before the announcement of|s#or, spent Sunday at W. H. Sweet- aged about 75 yoara: .

og. i
the conscription measure, but it even |man’s.—Miss Ann Stewart has gone | °X°R—At the home of tis fathor, Mr. Dllity, of; olmyninesee AS AWE Meese i

fell slightly below normal during the|to Detroit to nurse her sister, Mrs. Tan Oe Bison ense ee ee hs = ~ * = Se

  
 

   
     
     
      
  

       
  

        
     
  
   
  

  

 

 
  
   

 
  

 
   
   
 

  
   
 
  

    
  

 

 

     
   
 
  
  

 
  
     
 
 
 

 
  
   
 

   
  
 
  

   
   
 
    

nd

  
