     
 
 

“THE OFFIOIAL, PAPER OF THE COUNTY

 

 

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1917.

regs AALS seas| MALDEN. SCHOOL FAIR.

§ ‘ cent a word. Ne charge less than 280,

 

 

 
   

MALDEN.

 
 
    

 

   
    
    

    
   
   
   
 
 

Small advertisements, 4 words or under, "ae ee ee nad Thursday
‘ ‘ ‘ 3 times (or B00. The second annoal School Fair in | evening, Decémber 20th,

       
   
   
   
  
       
 
  
   
 
   
   
    
      

 

FOR 8ALE—1 Ford youring car, and o{Malden Was held mt'S.)S. No. 4--an|' ‘There {fs quite an epidemic of chick-

7 4 t , KEMY. Ph 9. . i } the best ever | on pox in certain sections of the town- |. e e s
fiyeke Hue, casamer HANRY NEP.” Fuous Monday and, waa ape of the Agron aia site ba Dwelling on Sandwich Street with Stable and
E oe | VEVIL OU) «souk tons Re oe oR’ | tural Department... The weather was rs, Oscar ion has returne

 

  
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 
    
 
  

   
   

       
  
 

 

    

ist concey Ang
FoR few

 

pac ire. Phone t fine and tnterest Wag schnarkable, Five |home after spending a week in tho River Front Lots, Amherstburg.
ae rot SALE— ries coming 4” achoola participated—No.'s 4, 5, ° 5 :
: , CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000 5, feats 1300. IDe. one JOHN POWER, 1, Malden, and 11, Anderdon, officered | Mra, Ray Micklo has returned after
Lb 9 t)

  
 

  

  

as follows: President, Gladys Mc-|# three weeks’ visit with her parents, One 85 Acre Farm in Anderdon Township. a

“choice —_pedigreea . 4 Hilda moh; Secre-} Mr. and Mrs. George Blalock, in To-
harred ork cockerels. “CN. HACKETT. | Gee; Vice-Pres., ,

i : tary, Myrtle Thrasher; Treasurer, | ledo. One 50 Acre Farm in Malden Township
POH SALE HOUIS sid Igloo Aime (Lloyd Beaudoin: ‘Director, Hatley Kel-| “Rev. Bruce Learn, of Coatsworth, ah
Re eure convenient to car;/ly. The entry list was very large, ev-'| Will occupy the pulpit of the Methodist

5 aitence, FRED BROOKER. being of fine quality,}church next Sunday, morning and ° )
peas i aaa bel Oh 2 to the exhfbits | evening. Everybody invited to attend. . p
at the county fairs,. The various prize The council will receive tenders up ’ i

FOR GALE Shropshire ram lamb, 6
winners were a8 follows: to 4 p.m. to-morrow (Saturday) for

A General Banking Business Transacted

   

 

   
  
 
  

    
  
  
   

98 Branches in Canada

 
   

 
   

 

fol rarsenneges

    
   

  
  
  
  
 

CARCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT

BANK MONEY ORDERS months old, registered pedigree, A, M. AT-

NSQN, Amhetstburg ?. O. Phone 436-41.
FOR SALE—Onions,

 

ae i

beots, sweet green

  

Beots—Ivan Marovtate, Mara Bondy, G.| four concrete bridges over the Col-

   
 
   
  
   

   
 
  
 
  
   
    

   
 
  

   

 

 

 

   
  
     
  
    
     
    
   
  
    
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
    
    
 
     
   
    
  
   

| ; AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
eppers, comb, Honey, extracted) honeys inennett, Howard French, Thomas Mickle, | }ingon Drain and one at the Front. See
SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT ghee UNG NEN EE Ue PEGE ete ar Mul " advt. in this paper. Pe aes
i Ky i eon GALE—Span Perchoron xeldings, nek ondy, peace] Lape 0} pare Echowsubscription renewals are all
Interest allowed at highest current rate : rising 4 and §; 2 family drivers. Cheup.| ye) Danvers Onjons—Heatrice Lank- | due before Decenrber lat, in order to
WILSON BRUSH. Phone 203. Amherst-|io1s, Margaret. Anderaom®, Percy’ Waldron.

     
 

  
 
   

R. 8. SAMUEL, Manager, W. 8, FALLS, Manager,

bun are Hiollow Crown Parsnips—Edith McGee, | take advantage of. the present rate.
Kingavilfe Branch. Amherstburg Branch,,

——— renal Dooley Potatoos—Franct4 Mitchins, tai: | These are strenuous times” for pub-
ron oe ee ee SOI ae ley Kelly, Dousld Bailey, Lioyd Beaudoin, | lishers owing to the very high cost of
OBB, ath eons Anderdon, R. K. No. 4,| Carrie Oihb, Moses Rose, pe paper, etc. Please renew promptly.
GIBB, Ath cat, 4 "7". “* 1 Balley Corn—Olive Sellars, Viola Sellars, The W. M. 8 hack |
Am turk. Attention Boatmen=Linhter |Inez Bratt. Fred, Millyard, Donald Ualley, he » M.S. met at the home of
FOR BALE— Sherrie x

      
      
   

 
     
   
    
 
   
 

 

ADsceaocososenetaatretanas

While you work for others —
BANK YOUR MONEY

 
     

   

Seecacecsumarevessived

   
 

    
   
  
 
 
    
   

   

     
 
    
 
  

  
   

f 7 Agnes Tratt. Mrs. G. Laramie on Friday Inst. Let:
~ ee Bood condition, GOxz0. Neasdnable price, |" singig Ear Balley——Olin .Sellars, Agnes ters were read from Miss Chace, of %
aS We have no use for same. BELL ICE CO,, | ppat Ylvester Thraaber, ine Dratt. "“G ” :
ndsor, Ont; Sa Ss Sg & Ears White Cap—Ainslic Soltars; Roy | the "Girls Ratherian Home,” Edmon-
FOR SALE—iioarding house contents, by | peaudoin, ree ‘Thrasher, Oeo. Whalen, | ton, and- Miss Beulah Shepley, China.
Fj private sal Gan be sean at any time. | Ceci! Delmont, Mildred Sellars,
;

   

The opening study of “Story of the
Years No, 3” proved very interesting
and instructive,

The regular meeting of the Mission

and some. day others will
WORK FOR YOU! . -

{USTON, P. O, Box 29, Phone Single. Ear White cm Ainstte ~ Sallars,
Ivan Horrowrman, Laramie.

   
  

   
  
   
  
 
 
 
  

Five cars Wis ickle,

; Ainsile
ped’ ram and ¢W ight 140 oe
os AGnIys A. L. FULMER, N. W. No. 4, Miele ear WistonsinecAindle 3, | Band wes withdrawn on: Saturday Inst

 
      

Longer Days vin

 
 
   
  
 
 
  

 

  
  

 

Electric Light

 

 

  
     

    
  
     
  
   
   

    
  
 

  
 
    
  
 
  
   
   

  
  
  
   
   

   
        

‘ - mavilie, Ont, = Mildred cece | Dew U owing to preparations for the School
ye Sa : j * . m heap Wud un eady Lortiin or LO ? vhalen, Roy Fair, but will be held on Saturday,
7 ; ers Light your ‘home with Electric re EO ; penta October 27th, at.2.30. First chapter THE OWNER OF EVERY STORE OR FACTORY—ALMOBY.
ie 5 s Fite Atnhorat Teenie bet F c of the new study book, “Childten of aah re
) Lights and enjoy the long Win: FOR SALEStarred Nock conkers i Tome AN | And gists aaete tbe tekon. All boys |B WITHOUT EXCEPTION, WAS AN EMPLOVEE OF-IT ONCE. (Eo
* . . large birds, weight 4 to 6.1s.; from G. A. | son, Mickl¢, Eow: Batley, Salome An- | and girls welcome. CE. oi E:
ter nights in cheerful lighted Haren Aci O15@ escting W- As BARNES, | er Vora Brush, Agnes Bratt,|) It pays to raise pure bred ctock, and | JB YOU ARE GOING TO EVER BE, OR DO ANYTHING WORTH |
PON GALE=_A: (env more Lelcenter ram dy, Edna Brush. to exhibit them at Amherstburg and 3 a
.: rooms. lambs for sale, Aino ah OxCord Down tam | Neatost. Path by te Setiars, stimu | Harrow Fairs. As a result of this, | jj WHILE, YOU-MUST HAVE MONEY IN THE BANK. MANY A
Re ANo. 1, Ammorat-} George  Bennott, ” Alnklle -Sbilars, | Frank McGee, who has been building

     

Our Electricians Will Do:the Wirmg for ‘You.

       
   
 
  
    
   
   
 

   
   
  

      
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  

ado, Holstein

Neateat Patch by Girl—Wortha Jackno kr
alko

n
Sadie Horrowman, Lavedy M an) Glatrs
. a Sonbraiie ee enon Tina, Mer- | {ing for a Jersey heifer, He was ao

- ‘ ° rie —.jids Hurst, § eh, Marjorie Larabeo, |'taken with the two-year-old one Mr,
ESSeX fount Light & Power HI Linited be ae ¥' d erica oases ‘ Wis Dailey McGee showed that he offered $176
i H of bees in modern 2 : ey Sl ee ‘12 |for ‘the animal, and was mighty
t 4 ® EHC A, b *, Gladys Meo ke, Mildresesel- *
‘ % hersthere P. ‘0. phone 119, a math: Binet glad to get it at that.

up a nice herd of Jerseys, met Gil-

CHANCE WILL PRESENT ITSELF To “you. IF. YOU HAVE
bert Bristow, of Olinda, who was look- vy

MONEY YOU CAN TAKE IT.

 

   

  
   
     
  
   
  
 
 

 
     
  
 
 
  

 
 

YOUR COMMON SENSE SHOULD TELL YOU THAT MON
WILL COME IN HANDY SOME-DAY.

“FOR SALE—Lot, 60 fect, faclig Sand: e— Kio. Alvan} A call is exterided to the women of
-FOR SALE—Lot, 60) feet, facing Sand-| Half dozen Cookies—nut te 4 c @ 3 S
i wien 138 fect deep; miico stiadi trees. Will ites, Vera” rush. Bre MMlyard,

      
 

rr

COAL-—Crestur COAL---Stove
ue. Ae

S Malden township and adjacent points
é Red Carri Gib f
BUDE A Gee epi at once: < Ap es ele he Meteo to meet at the home of Mrs. Theo. Mar-

Phone 206 : ; Sellars, intate Thuraday, Oct. 25th, at 230 p. ||
Fon GALI Modern brick house on E . +A =; ? et ., for the purpose of organizing a
FOR SALE—Mouern brick house on Elm ylv! Hars, Tuby Mickle. m.

Aventie, Amherstbure. Hardwood floors r Cake, Dark—Keitha Waters, Gladys | Red Cross Society. Addresses will be
and hot water heating.. Also 1. ; Ruby Mickle, Mildred Pigeon, Mar- | given by Mra. J. A. Snell and others.

idence, ey Strewst, *|jorie Larabee, Murray Coubt As the need for knitting ands sewing

yuart © Chorres—-Morida Hurst,
rs JAiva Countess, Marjorie Larabee, Marion | for our soldiers is moro urgent in the
Countess, Ha. Larabee, SyJvia ars. fourth winter of the war then at any

; DURRY and sing
previous time, we trust for a large

 

 

 
  

     
     
      
   
 

Imperial Bank of Canada

Amherstburg Branch, C.A\Cuddy, Manager,

 

 

 
 
  
   
 
 
  

   
  
    

 

 

ming 3 years; plow, Apple, Pie nine Plgedn, Salome An-
otc. I sell cheap. Apply |derson, Beatrice Laramie, ‘ary Bondy,
BONSOM, Queen “Street, ‘An-|Hazol Larabee, ‘Alva Gountepn... attendance and hearty response to this:

mand Country.

     
  
  
 

         
  

    
  
  

Home Made’ Cubdy-=\eltda” Waters, Ta appeal, Harrow Branch, - - P. T. Clark, Manager,
_ 93-ACRE FARM FOIR SALE OR TO RENT | Hailoy. : Ree ; rare one. br ie RN ES : ‘ ee
. * = 3 Campbell Mour . Milla’ Spectal—Katic ANDERDON m ne
ot. t Lot 18, wears » ‘Mist Concession of % A i
Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Fron f ner Rene ee at atts He ore Hoction 15 Weeds—Salome Anders a

Anderdon. i

Ontario. Good 7-roam house, large new [Roy Heandoin, Leone Beaudoin, Reatricé! rea poohéleau has purchasadsa
basement: barn, ‘36x40, with ‘new sosion | Laty af Dating Ue ie tna AKO new Ford touring car.

silo; good Mmilkhouse ‘with cement Noor;|, Collection 15 Nose Coe at Percy Voll, fowad
Rarage, linplemml sheds, chicken house, |AgNes Bratt, Cecil Oetment, 21.) ercy ans spent-a fewodays re-
is. pens. Farm in high state. of cultiva- othe Ainslie Sellars, Maat : cently with friends in Chatham.

Pat Ne hain sea and partly. tue drained, | , Collection 45 Inscet Bia ‘Bondy, Vora | OOM ya Onell i spending afew
Wil'De soli: on easy forms; if not sold pe ae - weeks with her uncle, Henry Vollans.

‘soon, “will: 7 1 r, | Gibb, ‘Clinton, $ z
CURTIS th. Bronte fA, ne Rely, Aeanerst: TRY. Threshing ,although “ somewhat be-
ri

€. .Phiwne 140-9: Covkerel—Sadie. Barrowman. Garrey

 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 

Phone sec ace iz - JS, GATFIELD GOAL 0,

 
  
 
 

  

SeebEeeeeeeee teeter teteee

|e

a

3

iJ

x |

ey

=

|
|
|

  

EEEEEEEEEEE EL Hehehe eee

     

 
  
  
     

     
 
  
  
   
    
    

   
 

 

  
    
 

      
 

       
 
 
 

   
 
 
  

  
   
 

 

  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 
  
 

   
    
 
   
 
  
  
    
   

  
 

    
  

    
       
  
  

  
   
  

 
 
  

  
  
 
  
  

   
 
  

  
       
 

   

ad on atl pelea ee ee s " lated, is now jn full ewing:on che bth; |
: : ey, {20h Cone Nas, oh Wark WH N28; [loved Reaudom, Maren Sale | Me and Mra, Honey. ley: or Ween
p 5 : . soroese sata Pe ah arn raivstare, yimee Lava Rae Seat: | Or. f t Sunday at Chg, D,, Petty
. eer es allies ee = hy | omies, Brome Autiersuvury ‘ua. «0 roux | patie, Borsowanan,, Walk pleces'
¥ leech oR a eek as. ore mie aaek fre reer ein a high state | pair” any variety=—Ffan«’ iutching) | Mra. Robert’ Carnahan and Mrs.
: y ’ Hours Into Gash— SnAcall tiles Dut few ucres and’ well! fenced fu Maced ” Mute Tae Ander pats eee apont last Saturday
) * Jains x um on ' wv, " tl at welll Mant, A laree house swith) all) pair “Medlterraneap—Francis Hutchins, Y- ‘
{ vk ivenlenices, large barn) cattle poy Beaudoin, Beattice Laramie, Mildred Jay Fryer wae unfortunate in hav-
| ’ stables, sheds. of all kinds and grainery, Sellars? i ing a robe and switch k tole
5 i 4 ‘ Eisterny end a yume owing orchard wriah | jj Pair, Purkovs, on | Wateefowl—-Fraiicis from’ bis automobile sinday. te
; Your Knowledge is Worth Money To Ds. J] rrattot alt kinds: ply 10'S. BOURPORI Lee ieee area ae TILES WR Ll her tah Vollans, of Sandwich
i } You Will Be Paid Promptly For It on_promises, Norn Malden. is. yar ine ae grieeons Clinton Snell, ve Sel | West, spent afew days last! week
ou ad, Fromplly For i. J /MisS SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGEMCY | M/sise stor niu, "Noe Norm” Fwith airs. Fish, of Amberstbar,
aes i 38 _™ : Pair’ Cats—Harold Martin, Caldwell Mar-]| A shower was given st Edward Bon-
a 4 = | Pi _. pemeegetare - ontate, Reatrico I Bargin es oe dy’s on Thursday evening in honor of
<2 a FOR SALE—A in we g ny.

You know of pereons wiio are qoing to buy Plarfos, acres. of ground: of; Niche Steet. AD- | Palr Other Pets taroja Anderson, Katio ie Alnia Bondy, a near bride.
ed Player-Piance and Phonographs. ‘You have frienis ‘whose bly MARY SULLIVAN, Sellars, Charles Dowler,’ Ernest Boussey, © two concrete bridges “erected
x sheuld have a musical education. FOR GALE—8-rossm house and ot, juat Byori Sellars; Minnie Pigeon, at the junction of the 5th and the Mid-
| oo abe ea channel ‘gunk; “such frontage, runs to}, Fable Dodduct, Asters—Aimes Hratt, dle Side Line by Albert. Honeng. wc
i We want that information. ise will do the sailing feavin, Waals 10."%y¢f¢°™ Apply MISS Mf Bouquet’ Sweet sPcas—pertha Jackson, | @-credit, to their maker. :

1 tT iF remuneration promptly. rs '/ SULLIVAN, Phono, 996, : Beatrice Laraniie. Arch Gerard fell from‘ an applo tree
a and atedven you 3 ALN a Slo IAD ga roms | una Han, BOTS MENS wee er | Mt, Feta Vola, on "Saturday, nad
* a 130 fo 140 fect de ead i . id na Borrownian, Ei Y Mcgee, s je bor broke his v ‘
DAY THE WATCHWORD OF THE ATOM jard; trait trees. Stil, “soit. at 000. Ap: re BUUGUot, wild TioWers—zean menos, thet quite wadly eheken one oi
Teck enn save—Yaur Friend will get a Better Piano ee AN, Fort” Street, AMm- | pratt Salcine Anderson, Beatrice, Larabee, ‘The banns of Miss “Alma Bondy,
“—You will be\remunerated—and We will be honored with the | POR SALE-AU Khisdh of nousoa and loa In| Meavy Coli—catnalie Satan - | daughter, of Thomas Bondy, 6th con.,
* ;patreriage. “ ilaneat Grats. > sin Malden anges front. property also | tin, Sylvester ere ee pemch on es Medinet of Windsor, were
“t J alr — SS. er cA,
CE Ee Ee eee alent Terms fears. Apply MANY: BULLIVAN, | Fort | Dalry. Calf—Austin Jones Aaron Wright, oe MeG tne, trate. Sundeyine
Instrumente-—Reasonable Prices—Canvenie P.O. Bor 3. -Arshoratbure. Walter Pearce, Fred, Millyard, regor.
: esi Pedidos ese" Satie SEES | one Wa WinNT Aa’ inn eter ene RERUN sores re
an i n, Obea Rhouse, Beata |. “Ding Done. Be” Wood} eing held in Trinity on Sun-
Write To-day. Do Not Hesitate. ; ool. cab give posesalon at once. | Horrowman, Harold Atkinson, Marg. day efiernoon. Tho chit h will be

 
 
 
 

   
   
  
   

monty to Many Suctivan, | Laramie, Eva Larabee, Charlie Anderson,
| Fort: ‘Amberstt.¥, © ‘Ont. P. Ns
Opportunity to become District Agents, Sakismen, Travellers i 3

O. Box. | Three Skeleton, Drawings—Tvan nor: suitably decorated and special music

te
7 iry qoodu atora Sdai0tene | tte. Maragaret. Anderson, a Endor- | js bein: red by th 5
Tail Banana ane ‘Ti kode store atx Ofooe. bye Donald Bailey, George Whalen, Cif FP eeared iby the cliolr.

  
   

      

     

 

  
     
   

lord Ech bscri
+ Managers if desired ! : Oo subscription renewals are all
a 4 SF eon ae * ‘be: d ae Swing’*’—Luena Tush, Milarea | due Hefore»December Ist, in order to
Amhersthure Gcbe. fine stale, DUESY Wioune: lated oh ee Qn ie] Ligeon, Seth Collison, Dolly Jackson, Aur take advantage of the present “rate.
{ings Misa SULLIVAN Amheratburs, Wright. Tly Bastien. These are strenuous

 
 

uss fer. | 2! times for pub-
in garer, Laruinie Tpanas” rie lishers owing to the very high cost of
of 76 | acren; | en ‘one | Marontate, Charlie Anderson, Elven En-| paper, etc. Please renew promptly.
“with soft and’ bard

derby. ze Gilbert Dupuis had the misfortune
a pune. ema rat ae. Decal Dominic | #0mMe time. ago of-upsetting in the
le “on.
38. | three" trayor Water, Colr+—Eoa_fall-

; altnate. Pigeon: Ny Laer ao Charette's, es-
le < Three 7 rr “| caping ‘wi Slight damage to the
S| We Dante ee eros enone: N- OMONNY; | “Honityt and none to himselt Tt ap-
ca “Crossing the Bara ye Thrasher, | peare that Gil became interested: in
oF Agnes Bratt, Norma Brush, E. Jones, G:| somo distant + scenery when the

ane S--Anderson. psychological’ moment arrived,

Drawmgs—L. -M 4;
elise.” ve Bruen, Ee Bondy, ON SM | - Henry ‘Renaud, 4th concession; is

5 ne | Sdvertising an auction sale for Thurs: |

eg Het le P| fp Ora Ne eae
A s—Gisays Meter, 8. |,com Fran i

Be APS ntl" Neil | arene «to Frank Montoro
id Arrow-—P. Waldron, Ds En- | #ale.. He

Baa ibaa SES time, whichis hia

  
  
 
  
  
     
  
  
 
  
 
   

 
 
 
  
    
 
 
    
  
   
 

    
   
  
    
   
     
   

 
  

 

 

 
 

ro

4

aie

aS
, yel.will be 23 feet deep, permitting

A HEALTHY BODY

LESSING OF

Has Not Had An Hour’s Sickness Sihce
* FRUIT-A-TIVES”.

MR. MARRIOTT
78 Lees Ave., Ottawa, Ont.,
August 9th, 1915.
“TY think it my duty to tell you what
“Pruit-a-tives’’ has dono for me.
Three years ago, I began to feel run-
down and tired, and suftored very much
from Liver and Kidney Trouble.
‘Having read of “ Friult-a-tives’”’, I
thought I would try them.
was surprising. During th
past, I have tateen them regularly and
_ would not change for anything. /Aave
nolhad an hour’s sickness Since I com-
menced using “Fruit-a-tives”, and I
know now what I havon’t known for
agood many years—that is, the blessing
of a healthy body and clear thinking
brain’’.
WALTER J. MARRIOTT.
50c. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 25c.
At dealers or sent postpaid on receipt
of price by Fruit-a-tives Limited,

The result
31 years

TOWN AND COUNTY.
—Preparations “are under way for
the flotation of the new Canadian war
loan. Gordon M. McGregor, Vice-presi-
dent and managing director of the
Ford Motor Co.,.has been selected as.
chairman.of the county organization..
—"Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Birdsell, late
of Amherstburg and formerly of Del-
hi, -haye moved to St. Thomas. Mr.
Birdsall having taken a position on
the reportorial staff of the Journal.”—
St. Thomas Journal.
—Despite requests by border muni-
cipalities that drafted troops be train-
ed to send Essex draftees to the hend-
ter, it is planned to send all drafted
men from Essex county to London.
Tne plan of quartering troops at Camp
McGregor, Windsor,,has. Deem under
consideration, but it was finally decid-
ed 60 send Essex draftees to the head-
quarters ‘of No, 1 Military District,
and Camp McGregor is now being
dismantled by Government engineers.

—Guards which have been on duty,
at the Windsor armories and the
Canadian end of the Michigan Central
tunnel since war. was declared were
demobilized Fridey. A .majority of
the mén-offered to enlist for overs#as
service before being retained for duty
at Windsor. -Eight of them will enter
the employ’ of the Michigan Central
to patro) the tunnel. Sergeant-Major
Ohantler, who was chief non-commis-
sioned officer of the guard, will*have
charge of the patrol.

———

—There are few'signs of autumn t@
be observed? Increasing cold and over-
coats are the two most rellable; Out
in-the country there is a brown onr-
pét .of leaves and the trees dre red,
yellow and gold. A part of this sen-
sonal ‘coloring is brouglit to the towns
and put in windows where guns ire
sold, here is.a daily migration’ to
the great outdoors of th6se who en-
joy -its health-giving sports. Outing.
goods are haying a ready sale now: >

—A list of 102 gentlemen appointed
ag miltary representatives at the vari-
ous tribunals was on Saturday issued
by Liéut.Col. H. D. Smith, G.S.O.,
Military District No. 1, with the ap-
proval of Col. W. L. Shannon, officer”
commanding. These .representatives
were summoned to a meeting held in
the Armories at London yesterday
(Thursday). Here they were instruct-
ed in their. duties in time for the
essembling of the various tribunals.
The advocates for Essex county are:
Walkerville; Lieut.-Col. S.-C. -Robin-
%on;» Belle River, Henry K. Taylor;
Jandwich, John F. Millen; Kingsville.
A..J..Golden; Tilbury, W. A. Hutton;
Gssex, Clinries M. Johnston; Amherst-
burg, John H. Pettypiese; Leaming-
ton, Ed. Winter;?Windsor, Major G.
H. Wilkinson, Lieut, Wm. Allen Watt,
George A. Courtney.

—Definite announcement is made by
Ward B. Perley, vice-president and
General manager of the Canadian
Bteel Corporation, that™'the contract
for the new dock at Ojibway had
bean. signed, sealed and delivered.
Tho contract had been awarded to
tho Great..Lakes Dredging Co., Ltd.
of Port Arthur, Ont., and will involve
“am expenditure of $1,500,000. Work
will be gtarted. immediately, Mr. Por-
ley stated. The hugo slip; built at
right angles to the river, willbe 2,400

and 202 feet wide. The chan+

‘the handling of tho largest or

5 O-CArry-

ing veosels plying the great lakes.

The dock walle of concrete will be
feet high and twolve feet wide.

are coming in for the construc- :
of about 200 houses. The figures”

are being tabulated, but no contracts
have been awarded as yet.

—An order-in-council has been pass-
“ed at Ottawn providing that men of
the active militia engaged in home
‘Suard duty throughout the Dominion
be given the samo subsistence

4s men of the Canadian Ex-

Force, At present. there

{ i or whom
“gre enti for overseas merits who re-
: the same rate of pay as members
De, tone tiste Been crane
once a

». while the overseas mon have

—There is, as Solomon justly re-
marked, a time for all things. But
the difficulty is in knowing just when *
is the right time to put ’em on. How-:
ever, it may be safor to take» a chance
and get them on at once.

—"Rev. A. H. Wright, M.A., of Am-
herstburg, who wi!] conduct services
in Christ church to-morrow, will be
the guest of Canon and Mrs, R. S. W.
Howard.“—Chatham News. ‘

—Alendoré Ladouceur, the 9-yearold
gon of Mr. Ladouceur, of Elmatead, on
Saturday las*, fell out of a tree in the
woods and dropped about 16 feet,
striking on a stump. Ho fractured a
couple of ribs and in addition had a;
piece of stick penetrate his side into |
the lung. His condition was quite!
serious for a few days, but he is now
recovering,

—Seven persons, one man, two wo
men and four children, were instant-
ly killed Jate Sunday afternoon when’
the automobile they occupied was |
struck by a Michigan Central passen- ’
ger train near Warren: village, about j
18 miles north of Detroit. The dead,
all of Detroit, are: Ur. and Mrs. Jos. |
J. Pohl and thelr two children, Ralph ,
and Helen, 3 and 5 years old respect- |
ively; Mrs. George Harvey and her.
two children, Mary and Tom, 1 and }
3 years old respectively.

—The following interesting query and
reply appeared in the legal columns of
a provincial newspaper Saturday:— }
“S. C. B., Walkerville—If a wife de-
serts her husband without any just
cause, taking furniture and everything
she chooses with her, can she be
prosecuted for theft? (2) Can she
sue her husband for alimony? (3) Can
he sell the property from her dower? |
Aus.—Formerly a husband could not
be prosecutéd for stealing from~his
wife and a wife could not be presecut-
ed for stealing from her husband
while living together; but the Criminal
Code was amended in 1913, so as to!
make a husband or wife ~ liable to
prosetution for fraudulently taking or
disposing of goods or property of the
other while intending to desert. . (2)
TM the present case the woman can be,
arrested and prosecuted for theft. (3)
She cannot successfully sue for” all-
mony after having deserted her hus-
band. (3) The husband can sell his’
property subject to his wofe's inchoate
right of dower. Sut under the eir-
cumstances mentioned the judge of
the County Court may make an order
barring the wife's dower.”

MILITARY SERVICE
PROCLAMATION 1S
of FINALLY ISSUED

Makes All Canadians Between 20 and
34 Members of Army.

All resfdents of Canada who are be-
tween the ages of 20 and 34 years and
who have been living in Canada since
August, 1914, are unmarried® or wid-
owerse without children_and in, good
health, are now soldiers*\in the Can-
adian Expeditionary Force.

THe long-expected proclamation was |
made public Saturday mornlug,. ‘ca)l-
Ing all men of Class “A” to tho colors.
and giving them until- November 10th
to report for physical exmination and
tg (le exemption claims. !t .s publish-
el if this :ssue of The Evsho.

It is pointed out tWat even those
granted exemptions; on ‘whate
grounds are still to considé>*the
selves members of the Canadian Ex
peditionary ,forces,° on leave of db-
sence, without pay.

The tribunals for the-hearlnu,z of |
éxemption elaims will sit on Novom-
ber Sth, 9th ond 10th; but the pro-
clamation sets forth that tipse who
will be called will not be required to
Feport for service earlier than “De-
centber.10th, when the number ,re-
quired. will be notified in writing’ of
the point of mobilization.

The numbersof men to be called up
8 not to exceed 100;000. It has been
estimated that only one out of every
five fit men in Canada will be needed
‘o make up this number. "

Exemptions under the. act - and
zrounds, for the claiming and granting
0 exemptions, also the penalties for
failure to comply with the provisions
yf the actyare set forth in the pro-
‘lamation, which appears elsewhere
In this issue.of The Echo.

The publication of the proclama-
‘Ion caused a.feeling of elation am-
yng the military officials of Windsor,
\s well a3 among members of the
Windsor and District Veterans’ Asso-
ciation and the Great War Neterans’
Association. »

“Our comrades at’ the front will
‘Nave thé reinforceménts they need!
ind this will ’How Germany that we
we in the war to the bitter end’,’
vas the way one of the members of
he latter organization, put {t.

This proclamation makes thd phy-
sical ‘examinAtion compulsory® where

t was voluntary before.
=

Leaving a, pathetic note to her hus-
Sand, Mrs, Moore, wife of John Moore,
Bell street) took her life during: the
night or early Monday morning by
throwing. herself into a cistern ~ on
the premisessof D. E. Sturgis, Inger-
soll, She had been a sufferer from
chronic nervousness for.years.

“WHY WOMEN CANNOT

ico of only $12.60 —~
| but only of those who are

got
ve mo
cured.

She was in a

ourel

It

THE MOST DEPENDABLE
MERCHANDISE

Our reputation for the past decade
as retailers of clothes for men and the
boy has earned for us the enviable
name of “HONESTY IN EVERY DE-

TAIL.”
the best and satisfy all.

Our store policy is to sell

re >

: AND
.  S§UITS

“OVERCOATS

Every Dollar

When you spend
a dollar here, it
pays you a hund-},
réd cents.

OUR SHOWING THIS YEAR embraces all the desirable men’s and boys’ wearing apparel, that is not only substantial,

but dressy, while not overly so. Considerable importance has been put into the texture that is most essential to the
wearing qualities of the garment. This, coupled with the well known merit for clothes building so much enjoyed by |
the SOVEREIGN BRAND people, make a garment that is not only passable, but distinctive for its correctness in every

detail.

 

 

Overcoats

There has never been such.a comfortable showing of fall
overcoats in this city, aa we have on display for your selection.
These embrace some very happy models of combination coats, for
fall and rough wear, in Gabardines at from $7.50 to $20.00, in

rough effects and very fine fabrics.

Belters, Pinch Backs, Plaiié |

and a varied showing of fine Ulsters in Tweeds and Friezes, Just

the kind'for all sorts of weather,

$18.00 to $20,

 

SUITS

.

Every good dresser appreciates the worth of the celebrated
SOVEREIGN BRAND CLOTHING. There is merit in every stitch
of these suits. They are modelled and tallored for the best and

always look it,

If you_have ever worn one of these garments you

will understand why they are called SOVEREIGN. Tweeds and

Worsteds in all shades,

$10 to $35.00

 

 

 

UNDERWEAR

Two-piece Underwear for
Fall and Winter wear—Pen-
man’s, Watson's, Stanfleld’s
and Tiger brand—

50c to $2.50

Union Garments, «made by
the same celebrated firms, at
from— A

 

$1.00 to $4.00 |

|
|

 

|New
| Gloves.

| Perrin’s and Fownes’, the |
| famous glove makers’ brands |
| —in capes, suedes and cha- |
| mols, in all colors, at from

 

 

ARROW COLLARS

The % sizes are hard to gety but

we have them at—

, 20c or,3 for 50c

@OSFIELD SOUTH.

Klondyke.

Jack Frost has made his appearance
all too soon for the corm ‘crop.—L. H.
Benner, who fell and broke his ribs
some time ago, 18 slowly improving.—

r David Nelson had the misfortune to

brenk his ribs.—A. baptismal service
will be. held here 6n Sunday— Mrs.
Frank” Laramie hasrecelved word
that her son - Drayton is “improving
very fast—Threshing, corn cutting
and silo filling is the.rage here.—A
miscellaneous shower was held at Mra.
Del. Grant’s Monday afternoon for
Mrs, James Grant (nee Miss Goldie
Benner), The bride was the recipjent
of a large number of beautiful pres-
ents, among, which, were the © good
wishes ofsmany.frietids of the young
couple, ‘

SANDWICH WEST.

Mrs? Aneglique Nantafs,91- years
old, lifelong sresident of Essex coun-
ty, died early Mohday morning at her
home in the township of Sandwich
West, near Windsor. Mrs. Nantals was
the-widow of the late Bardille Nan-
tals. One son, Adolphus Nantais, and
three daughters, Mrs. Cliarles La-
forge, Sandwich; Mrs. Louis Teno
and Mrs, John Desjardins, of Tecum-
seh, survive her. Interment was in
St.-Alphonsus church cemetery, Wind-
sor, Wednésday morning.

ba Se

~ LEAMINGTON.

S. G. Morse has gone to Toronto on
a business\ trip.

Joseph Ainslie has sold ten acres
of Hisland to’ W. W .Link.

Pte. Parker, who has seen home on
a short furlough, ‘left on Tuesday for
Montreal, 40 return to duty in Eng-
land,

Thos. Wilkinson has sold his fine
farm to Adolphus Peterson,’ Mr, Wil-
kinson will move to town in the course
of a few days, so that Mr. Peterson
can take possession at once.

At a special meeting of the council
to discuss” a proposition to establish
Aa sugar beet» factory here, the pro-
moter of the enterprise makes it a
requisite on the part of the town to
secure contracts from growers, who
will produce 8,000 acres of sugar beets.
The factory will be located near the
lake, and cost in the neighborhood of
$800,000, giving employment to 250 to
$00 hands the year round. After an
expenditure of $400,000 the town will
probably be asked for a . loan of
$100,000, payable: in ten years at 6
per cent. The lowest price paid for
the growing of sugar beets will be
$5,50 per ton, and from that to $9; ac-
cording to the quality and the price at
which sugir in selling. The proposi-
tion was endorsed by H. Lendon, J. T.
Mutrie, J. M. Henry, S. S. Arnold and
L. J. Wright. A vote was taken as
to. whether the council should under-
take the securing of the required
acreage, which will cost probably
$4,000 or $5,000, and the meeting vot-
ed unanimously in favor of the coun-
cil going ahead. The matter will be
submitted to a vote of the ratepayers,
and the finance committeos and clerk
were authorized to secure preparation
of a by-law at once. The vote will
be taken early in November. :

While assisting to harvest corn on
the farm of Mr. Sanderson, Smith
township, ‘Thuraday morning, Thomas
Crowley dropped dead.

| Medicine .Co.,

‘ong those who

| > $1.00 to $250

Oak

Everybody Knows Where.

NEW HEALTH FOR WOMEN

The’ most fateful years im a wo-
man's difo- are those between forty-
five and fifty. Many“of the sex en-
ter this period under depressing con-
ditions through
about the home, or through a condi-
tion in which the blood is weak or
waters and 60 they suffer heavily.
Among, the commonest symptoms
are headaches, feyerisin flushes, pal-
pitation of the heart, dizziness, back-
ache, depression ani other, well re-
cognized disturbanc of the health
which signalizes~ that the blood re-
quires attention. Women urgently
need rich, red; blood all. their lives,
but never more so than in middle-
life, when the nerves are so wehk
und overwrought.

Now every woman can prove the
prompt help afforded to her health
by renewing anu building up the
blood. It dq @ test’ that any nlling
woman can make by. taking Dr. WIl-
liams’ Pink Pills, for these pills
make rich, red blood, which in turn
stimulates the appetite, strengthens
the nerves and restores full robust
health. Thousands of’ ‘women ‘have
found in Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills
new health and strength “and, with
these a new happiness and interest
in life.

So if you suffer, avail ydurself at
once of the splendid home treat-
ment which Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills.
80 easily afford, and you will be am-
10 rejoice in regnined
health. Thesé pills are sold by_ all)
dealers in medicine, or may bé had
by-mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes
for $2,50 by writing the Dr. Williams’
Brockvill@, Ont.

_—_—

NORTH’ ESSEX CONSERAVTIVES.

Instead of nominating a candidate
to contest the riding in the interests.
of the Conservative party, members of
the North Essex Conservative Associa-
tion and their frionds to the number
of more than two hundred held a
“love feast” at Windsor Saturday af-
ternoon, which lasted for three hours,
and then adjourned efter passing
eulogistic resolutions of Premier Bor-
den and his new Union Government,
but without selectins an opponent to
W. C. Kennedy, the Liberal nominee.

A stirring speech by Oliver J, Wil-
cox, the keynote of which was unity,
was the feature of the proceedings.
Showing the offects of his recent {il-
ness, the former member was given a
cordial reception. Mr. Wilcox, am:
ong other things, declared that “poll-
ties were all right in time» of pence,
but the two parties mist now anite {f
Canada’s burden of the war is to be
borne succes: se?

J. M. Godfrey, of Toronto, delivered
a Winshe war a a

And it was in accord with this senti-
ment that the gathering, :
discussion, finally decided upon and
passed a resolution favoring a plan
for a fuston candidate. This resoln-
tion was’ proposed” by.
gon, and. neconded by. O. E. Fleming;
K. C,, and on boing presented to. the.
meeting by Dr. C; W. Hoare, of Walk-
orville, tho chairman, was adopted

ietep wit be. an effort to

set the Executives of tie two parties
togethor in order to‘séiect a “win-the-,
war" candida ge whe il support
enforcement of the selective
the newly-formed Union "
~ Tho Liberal Executive

It is stated that no more oxamin-}

Boards of Pers ‘who come voluntarily,

sont by

employes of |

the White Laundry Oo., Windsor,

arrested Thureday night on @ charge |:

of stealing the company’s ‘money.

was remanded for six days and grant:

ed bail.

overwork or worry |:

after much |)

Fine Cashmere Hosiery for
Fall, In colors, 35¢ pair, or—

3 pairs for $1.00

Heavy welght for soldiers
and workingmen in khaki and

grey ribbed,, and 50c

- English worsteds

A. LANGLOIS, Mgr.

 

 

The
workingman knows
them. ‘Here at

Boys’ Hats

The little boy will appear
very much better if he is top-
ped off with one of the classy
Tweed and Velvets Hats we
are showing. They ‘are real
nifty hats for the smaller fel-
low. Something entirely dif- |,
ferent than you see else-
where at from— |

$1.50 to $2.00 |

 

OVERALLS

“Headlight” kind. Every

a

| Mountain Barriers Handicap

[=

Over Italy’s far-flung 450-mile
battle line Where Austria, aided by
nature in the {ce-bound ramparts of
the Alps, has striven.to keep free
italy shut out from énslaved Italy,
the Itallan Red Cross Society is
heroically waging its fight for the
relief of suffering humanity against
odds far greater than those gur-
“mounted by thé. Red Cross banner-
bearers on POther Allied” battle
fronts. .

On the western front the auto-
mobile ambulances quickly speed
Back the wounded from the front
lines Likewise medical attention
and hospitals are near at hand for
the Rusgians on the Eastern battle
line, though supplies are scarce.

But the task of caring for the
Itallan wounded among the un-
stable snows and mountains of the
Alps is almost inconceivable, Often
the sufferers must be transported
in box-like cars sliding on over-
head cables or oven lowered by
ropes down:the mountain sides. On
snow slodges or by burrow back are
the most common methods of carry-

on 2

E.G, Hendor- | .

IMPORTANT SAVING OF BEEF

fo AND BACON IS SHOWN
t —_—_—_— :

* Preliminary reports from hotels and

restaurant

-Italy’s Red Cross. Workers

ing the Itallan wounged down thé
Mountain trails. Intense suffering
and often death is caused before the
hospitals, miles away, ate reached,

Treacherous snow, ice and rocks,

and the extreme cold, cause’ many~

casualties among the Itatian sol-
diers, Thousands of omputations
have resulted in the two years of
warfare, among perpetual snows.
~The Ytalian Red Crofs Society
and the Royal Italian Government
fund for ‘orphans of fallen Italiati
soldiers ask of their’Canadian ally
—"Will you help?”
this appeal Southern and Western
Ontario have fixed a goal of $106,-
000 to be raised by popular. sub-
scriptions, Campaigns wil) be con-
ducted’ during ‘August and Sep-

tember,

Bvery dollar @iven to the Italian
Red, Cross Society will shorten the
war against Germany and {t= hor-
rors. Every Ot fighting man in tho
trenches, be he Canadian, British,
Italian, or other ally, mabes more
efficiont Dghting forces—thus has-
tening the war's end, Ae

—
FIVE CENT LOAF DEGIRED.

ea

| ae

Inwanswer to.

90: ‘Cornor of Riehm

and
tor Post Oe, Am

ie

Balvandone ney

DE, 0, TEETER, MB,

1} Toronto University, Lio;

RH, ABBOTT, M.D.

| PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON,

6 Perna klum
ig grit ae
borg. (Opposite

| DR. T. JAMES PARK.

[Re AND

H borg; Ontario,

i

Toronto Univoruity,
Re are
‘s A
Telophono, if 21 1s. r a

| DR. W. C. DOYLE, MLD,

R, W. ©. DOYLE, M. D,, ©, M., BL W. M.
lonor graduate of nivel
D don ; Mowberof the cern Unive

and Surgeons of Ontario, 0;

. Phyat
jgoaiand Seer. ete
i

; SURGEON, Amhorat

PHYSIOL AND SURG A Ehoata

Gol
wieh out

SURGEON Graduatoor

of Physivfans
ico in basenjent

of residence on Talbot Street, noxt to the

Elocirio Waiting room, Exso:
SOnNGaEL. ‘Spoctol att :

diseases of women and Surgory,

| FRANKLIN A, HOUGH, B.A.

KLIN A. HOUGH, B.A.

ARRISTER Solicitor, Nota:
re

ve: cer, &e,
Palhouslostreot, Aiko ae

A
B voyanceor, &o. fh,
Amherstburg. Monéy to loan,

BARTLET & BARTLE

BARRISTERS Solicitors, &c. Offices in the
Money to loan,

Davis look, Windsor. “1
. R. BARTLET, B.A,
WALTER G. BAKTLET, B
| Gro, A. Unqunanr, b, WEA

tare, BA GLB.
| RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

RRISTERS, SOLICITORS, ETO,, J. H.

4 B ee
Rodd, B.A.,'L. L

A 5

OMoes Victoria Block, ‘Winds

DAVIS & HEALY. »

ARRISTERS, SOLISTE!
Be TERS. TERS, NOTARI

AVindsor.
F. D, Davis, BOA. A, F. Healy:

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etc, 202
B Building, Windsor, Ont. ‘aaAloney to
joan on farm property at lowest current rates

jan on furm Property at lowest current rates
| FRANK W. WILSON.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary Poblic
Tar oe he EE (Of the Cntarto ond
Kritish (‘olumbin Bars.) Money to loan on

Farm Property ut low
Offieo. Lat y OWwesU Mos of interest.

Bnd London Sts., Windsor, Ont. Phone 251,
Ed ernst

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

7 RRISTER, SOLICITOR, NOT.
B Kingsville, Ont. : ik ast

JAMES 8S. LAIRD,

| Land Surveyor and County
Engincori» Office, Dunsta:
stairs) wnofEsdexcOnt. a picky (oP

J. J. NEWMAN,

C's ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LAND
PD

SURVEYOR, prnege
joming Block, Windsor, me een ad

CLARK & ATKIN,

iy eee Auctioneers for Exsox County
Omew at Harrow, Ontario,
CHARLES CLARK, Gronork ATKIN,

S. RENAUD,
of beens ol Arrangements for sale

mado at any time. For torme, =
to him or address ‘Ambherutbuns P- o ‘Ss aay

“JOHN READMAN,

jig of Marriage Liconses for the Connty -

of Essex. Harrow Ont, —

High Claes Sontiiyentern pect:

. LEAMINGTON.
Granite and Marble Works

C, A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices,

Phone 275 LEAMINGTON, ONT

| J. SUTTON & SONS

Funeral Directors

¢._* Wouso of quality.
Auto equipment when dealrod.

143 Ouellette Ave, WINDSOR. Ont,
Phone 885,

3. W.& A. RAILWAY

—_—

SUMMER TIME TABLE.

Care run)on Eastern Standard Time.

“In effect May 23rd, 1917.

* 8.16
946
10.15
10.16

iat
116
2.16
3,15
4.16
6.15
6.15
7.16
“8.16

9.16
10.46

7.00
8.00
9.00 9.
10.00 10.15
11.00 11.15
12.00

p.m.
1.00
2.00
3,

4:

6.00

6:00

QO 7.16
J ~ 816

a0 8s

om a.m,
12.40 12.66

p.m.
12.16
“416
2.15
3.15
4.15
6.15
6.15

D. m.
12.16 *
116
2.15
3.15
4.16
6.15 i

6

oy () (ae a
816; 9.15.
9.15 10.16 10;

. 1106 am. am

a.m, :
1.66 eenee) J qanett whens

AD Amh through to Walker
ville und Toone se Eantern He —

ee

Pub!
ough ieek

oney to Lonn, _Medloy ‘Block:

elle Huilding, Comer snollette,

attention — given” a

2

1200 1818
eres

 
 
 
 

pare
—

A CABINET: LADY

       

 

Mrs. Lansing, Wife of the Secre-
tary of State, Is a Favorite,

 

 

For Tnfants and Our.
Mothers Know That a ee
Genuine Castoria | fetc teres, Srster ot state

Mrs. Lansing Ie a Native and Origi-
nator of the “Dry Luncheon.”

  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 

 

 
 
   

SMITH COLLEGE GRADUATE. How a Girl Took

Lessons In the
Craft

 

  
   

By ETHEL HOLMES

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

When her father, General Jobn W.
Foster, was secretary of state back An

; ————— now makes her one of the most popu- :
; iT, fy Promoting Diges! lar cabinet Indies at the capital, ~ | Prices shot up with lightning rapidity.
i , be As soon as spring camo everybody who
: i Mrs. Lansing, then Eleanor foster, Deick yardl prepared t
was’ just making her bow {n society, | P88essed a back yard prepa 0 eB.

tablish a kitchen garden.

Stephen Gregory one morning, after.

reading in his newspaper that potatoes
were selling at $4 a bushel, said to his
daughter, Minna :
}.. “We have here four acres of virgin
Soil that should be cultivated, If I
could hire help I would raise’ what yeg-
etables we need for-the coming snm-
mer. But I can't hire help; there {fs
none to be hired. Any man who js able
to work can do better than wark for
what I could afford to pay him.”

“Couldn't you turn over the ground
to be worked by some one on shares?”
asked the young lady.

“I could give it to some one outright,
I suppose, but there fs so much idle
land that I doubt if I could get any
one to work our*ground and pay mea
royalty, However, I'll advertise it and
see what I can do.”

“I-want to do something to help in
this season of necessity,” siid Minna.
“What can I do?”

“You. might make a lst of those ar-
ticles of food that we Americans should
go without in order that they may be
shipped abroad. You gant ship per-
ishable goods, like fish, you know.”

“I see.” :

Minna made her Ist and showed it
to her: father. He smiled. The first
article to be eaten at home was cbick.
ens. “Why, they're 40 cents a pound,”
was his criticism. The next was lols:
sters, 50 cents'a pound. Then came
ducks, mushrooms and such delicacies,

    
    
  

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

= CENTS
Doses 30 ee

 

    

   

WHY OATMEAL VARIES. [ "stow necires.

White. Layer Cake.
Only One-Third of the Oats Are Fit 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 1
large tablespoon butter, 1 cup of milk
To make a really delicious oatmeal, one | (sweet), 2 cups of flour, 2 tecspoons of
must use just the plump, rich grains. Com- | baking powder, $

mon oatmeal, made of onts as they run, Devil's Cake.
lacks flavor and richnegs,. And it lacks,

above all, that wealth of energy element Yolks of two eggs, 2 cups of brown

 

 

 

   
   
  
  
    
   
    

 

1 -) Clinedinie. “That's a very good list as to what
‘ bb eter 4 a8 Mocie pe oaknibal wiitheet oap ear’ milk, tT tearpoas of et MRS, ROBERT LANSING can’t be sent abroad,” said the father,
| i ever knowing whatea \im»producing food | solved in the mlik, % cup of cocoa. A _ | “but it would require the income of a
j De They bay cate te ae ee eee Stan eat, eee tie Sradusted trom Sinith-col-., ani (ee Cove

ke f ves, y ‘sdu- | Mr. Gregory advertised bis land and
brand on them to guarantee the grade they | oy)" promo aoe a Ean od ee lege. Her interest in her mother's du- | zory
get. ; ;

cloves, F teaspoon, cassia, 2 teaspoons g a : ppt treat of the D, ene ae Beat tx
t , cassiag 2 , cro} vas the best he
Pie cules onseeate, see ages a nger, 2 teaspoons flour. Dissolye 2 | Perience which sbe is now able to tarn
a

\ i hed
to practical’ advantage. could do, One morting Minna Joo
ly ten pounds in a bushel—the choicest teaspoons s0da in 1 cup of bolling F §
thd of the finest oats—is good enough for | water and add Jast. Bake in a nioder-} Sho 1s a goodconversationalist, quick out*through her window to see a man
waker, :

te-oven. Mens ift flour. at repartee and somewhat of a wit, 1 ® woolen shirt, corduroy trousers
: athe Christnae Gene nat! Furthermore, Mrs). Lansing is the @0d a faded’ straw hat plowing up the
into an ont food worth having, One who . b the du ground_in the rear of the house. she
once eats jt will never again care formeom: 1 tb. butter, 1 mb. granulated sugar, ; Youngest woman upon whom ity 5 Mato ts iia tacan
mon oatmeal, e 10 eggs, 1 Ib. lemon, citron and orange , of leading the cabinet’s social affairs |Wa9 Mot nedr etiough* to him’ to sce
“Oats are the vim-producing® food. But'| peel (combined), 1 tb. almond nuts bas fallen in many years. j Whether he was old or young. Indecd,
they who get thé utmost effects are the } (shelled); 3 Ibs. raisins (stoned), 1) Mra, Lansing ‘was married to Mr. ; the matter did not inferbst her, Ho was
ade toed ibe Geane rolains, Woy. dates. Hub ' yscetne te deat tne tbe Bete of cae ee jovilettiy a Dlowman, anda plownan
ae = ng Tice ee a then | her on/ L-ktréet. “Washington, where | Was too far homey satis ee fo war-
subbing.say 5 minutes together, Site the Fosters lived for may years. The 'Tant her a eye dante oh ae

the flour in on tho tnixture.* Add tie Lansing weflding | was, attended by 2 | Nevertheless there’ was San tl , a
fruit-and mix with’ the henda, put in notable gatheriiy) inctuding President j Swaken an interest*In. her in the a
bake. B orb. mod family. Vice. President | she hat so Jong régarded aausetul ouly.

tha dye ahs M Pand'@iiy family and other im. | for/i lawn tennis court’ being turned
‘ tat offi dnd diploxtiats. intd something productive. For awhile
Mr, -Lansifig took hls bride to a new | shi watched “the ina turning the si
home in Wa svar, N.-¥.;-where they jo forrows and worldered what he would
' have-always lived except for thée‘time | 40‘tiext’ “She Nad no idea. Whatever: as
spent tt'Washington. ~~ ; tothe methods of ‘raising’ fralts from
| «Recently MraEinging made a unique | the’ earth’ atid™ became curious ‘as fo

The Quaker process makes these grains

  

 
   
   
  
 
  
  
  

   
  
 
 
   

 

eV ND

 

pel a } a COLDS
JOH M- HALLAM. LimIitéd irk
406 HALLAM BLDG. |TORONTO.| Tne tall ie the moat severé season

: of the year ‘for’; colds—one dity: 18
' Ls BERT RAND

FUNERAL DIRECTOR niess the mother ls on’ her guard

 
   

 

 

prominent Wastingtoninns, at which ‘desirous of @ nearer view of this plow-

 

2 that may hold. on.) winter,” Baby's ‘for th Proachel him was nearing’ the end of
ae Own Tablets. are mother’s ” best moiieior, th county:

pa ey a firrow ‘and before starting back on
friend in preventing or banishing ;

 
 
  

“Good morning) miss.”
tive, keeping the bowels and “stoni Baty a}

 
  
  
 
 

 
  

Z %

Tablets are sold by medicine dealers peal to) womemiof the’country to make | spite bis farm appdrel'‘was good look.

dreds ofsatia| The Dr. Williams’ Medicine” Co; ' ing for France. They may be turned
fag eaten ps weo. neas ving, teatsacninis Brockyille, Ont, = ;

‘Kingeville Ceti e
ve, Opiioal Parlors om THE ROCKCITyS

Issuer of Marriage Licenses. TOBACCO PURCHASES saying. “housewives.” It means a sew- | to” wind and wes
6. P. R. Ticket Agent. a | ing kit. © ;

denoting that his occupation was, out
| {n to local sections of tho Navy league:.| of doors, There were no furrows in

      
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

reason to be gratified with the oper-' league is made of cotton kbaki, sewed | “po you"know anything about gur- | {

ations of thelr buyers during the past’|. with blue thread, tho marine corps uni- | derifng?’ asked the man. .
week who they feport secured 1,750,-

wort Reant Con ee ey pone, in DOROX aah locig and-pavenan@l &: basrisines to sed how you do it. Do you scatter

pecan Tt alae | wide. Tt haw five’pockets, three and a the seeds in those crevices between the

000,000 pounds, Which probably was balf,inches deep by two and a half | sods you have curled over?"

under the mark. | inches wide. 2A top flap folds over the | “On, no...The ground must’ be bar
The price fixed for choice crop was ' pockets and covera.the contents of the rowed first."

     
 

 
     
 
  

   

  
  
  
   
  
     
  
  
    
  

 

a | DR. W. H. McBRIDE,

          
   
     

   

      
   
   
   

gf as Seat an et a ery Me
follows:  D. Prosser ond Lewis wi ane mia ae
r Rosch, half « million pounds in the jean th kha) ttons I
U Leamington district; Mr. Brundage, ; Coutepts of the kit. a ,
‘assinted by Gord Fox, over 360,000| - + =
pounds in oe an Colchester; > Aer BR "
—ONn-—— Frank Barnes, ‘Peleo- Jeland, A ager
INGLES Rieciat 20,000 ead EN aie favalld. lsh a vive ee a
R, SHINGLES, saietatay 100,000 pounds; Mr. Currie, a | Stimulates the weakened di eeett ive or-
: pene new man in the field, secured: 250,-) sans. It is simple to make if one fis
000 pounds in the Biaphetm and] careful nd accurate in its preparation.

thing about gardening: 1 think you
would do wellito come out here and
witch mo while I work. ‘Telling one
how. a thing is to be done ts not equal
to‘alowing bow it fs done.”

vil:

-TLET us quote you}
Og NV. ;

 

    
 
     
 

     
   
 
 
  
  

 

  
 
  
   
  
       
    
   
  
  
 
   
 
 
    
 

 

said that 1f te didn't mind her. watch.
ing him she would do so wccasténally.
It Was not to be expected that a young | «
man would object to a pretty girl be- |

    
    

 

ss px

- TLUMBE
_ UTH, FRAMES, SASH,

: . a —Jobn Clark, Wyandotte, Mich.

er? a Jal Game War} Pla in a, vessel of vold water and |!
ig, Canadian Brand Wall:Board. te e eee chacvin, _ getertay, endl ait oan come to a, boll. slowly. | back to the house.
© Oak Floish Wall Board. ae

A to Windsor police headquarters
Bishopric Lath Board.

     
 
 
 
   
   
   

  
  
  
  
  
    

‘Ouvry, secured a\ la

 

 
   
  
   
  
 
 

   
  
  

   

© for five or ’ en the ground was in condition to
‘for’ shooting © “without *a license in eis Qo See, o the Minna’s in| :
\Sandwich*West. His rifle was:confly-}| aij
ene ‘but’ he released. to appear Mer, |
in ‘police court Monday mo

 

 
  

Prices had been rising for a number

of years, and as soon as {t was an-
the Harrison administration Mra; Lan- _

nounced that war: was declared be-
sing recelved the early training that tween the United States and Germany

  
     
    
  
  
    
    
   
  

vulge.
GRADUATE OPTICIAR. or by mail ot 25 cents a box from’ 6,500 “hussifp’ for the marines train- | ing. His skin was_tanned by the sun, | ~ But Minna, having had a peep “at

what was stored up in Joe's brain, was

. y not to be denied a further view. She
“Hussifs” is the marine's way of his face such as come from exposure told him that she would like to bear

er, However, he |:more of “that sort of thing,” as sho

+ Was too young for furrows, eren expressed. it, and Joo bean the un-
The Rock City Tobaccd Co. tiave; The sewing kit wanted by the Navy though a soll tiller, folding of processes of nature, making

from her room, saw a gentleman in a.
}tweed suit and « straw hat in thé gar
den directing some youngsters who!
were plucking the frnits of Joo's labor,”
She was not near enough to detect the :

18%c., and the tendéncy of the buyers | kit. A’red tape twenty inches: fong. “What's that?’
{fs sald to have been to secure a sewed on the back of the cénter Dock. | “Phe sod murt be tom ~apart andy| ered, ane morning Minna, looking out
tity rather than quality, ap the entire ' ef, {les the kit, “A pair of blunt point- | min ed with the soli.”
. Varina, Sa. crop De Barley Was snapped. up in é@.acissors four inches long, No, 1 nec- ae what do you do?”
Office 1 two days. dies, a thimb! assortment of safe. |. ;
phone Novi Callianawored dey Fuight. |. The Rock City Co, had eight buyer | 2%. thimble, an SE tll ee

Joo's walk. Minna went out to inyes-

‘ tigate, As she “approached the man
Minna realized the truth of this and 4 directing the gathering of tho vegeta- |

bles turned. lifted his hat and bade her

| ing a companion to him while be was. | who Me a ite 8 recent grad- |»
ict,"and Mr, Burk, at} ‘ake “a\"poond® of rotnd steak ‘from’ ‘making bis garden; and Minna wawnot:|.uate and assistan
Derry en rel p\ I ree ‘amount for ry ‘of fat bas been re- | averse to taking Jessons fo ‘gardening | terton Agricultural, co
thie emall district he had t» work in. | moved! cut it into small pieces and put | from‘a good looking rastic. She watch- | Gregory's wévertloemen
it In o glass jar with 2 screw top iid. | ed him plow for.awhile, but since there looking fora vacant

sao variety in plowing she son went euierate Ser —

 

 

potatoes

for warmer, drier weather,

  

began to Jaugh.

anxiously.

  

J most,” was tho reply, -

   
   
  
 

no other such serious mistake: es

    
  
 

window’ and saw, or thought ahe saw,

   
     
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
 

points peeping from the surface,

  
   
  
  

     

clapping her hands, she cried out as
though announcing some happy event:

“My radishes have come up!"

* “And there are your string beans,”
said Joe pointing.

Minna went to her bean bed and saw
& queer looking something pushing
aside the earth above it,

“Why, it’s like a chicken trying to
get out of its shell!” she exclaimed.

What we produce ourselves, or, rath-
er, what we put nature in a Way to
produce, gives us a very pleasurable
sensation. When Minna went out to
her garden earty one morning and with
great care pulled up half a dozen
bright red radishes she was more de-
lighted than if she had received a leg-
acy. Taking ttem into the house, she
put them into water in a little cut
slass dish and gave one at breakfast
to each. member of the family., No mor.
sel prepared by an experienced cook
ever pleased her palate as did that
radish.

Minna was used to seeing Joo work.
ing in-bis garden and often noticed him
weeding. Her own little tract did not
seem to need weeding. At this she”
wondered. ~

“Why {8 it, Joe,” ‘she asked him,
“that ho weeds grow in my beds?”

“They do,” said Joe. “Weeds grow
wherever there is ground for them to
grow on. 1 think that some fairy god-
mother comes th thé) night and takes
them all out of your beds.”

This was’ the first thing he said to
his pupil that soundéd different from
what might be expetted of a rustic.
Minug"looked at } inquiringly, but
hestooped to use trowel and she
did not see his face. ‘

f Pecks : From this time Joe began to give
affdir of a “dry ! luncheon,” given to ; What they were. Presehitly; becoming | yy

{nna bits of information about agri-

ous c is culture that surprised/her. They sound.
warm, the next 16 Wet and ‘cold and all courses werd:some form of dred {ng process, she put on a broad brimmed | oy rather as coming ftom a college pro-
i fruits. and. vegetables’ that the govern- |ba¢ and’ Went to the: scene “of earth | fessor than a simple séuntryman. One
RACTIOAL Einbalmer, Murmiy Bt. ff }the little ones are neized with colda ment is advocating so strongly as food- | turiing.’ The plowman’ when she. ap-

‘Amherstburg.

plants breathe through thelr leaves, ab.
orn sorbing oxygen and giving out carbon,
colds, They act as a gentle© laxn- MAKE A “HUSSIF.” aD) = she looked. at him astonished and ask.

; hasten ,] ed hint’ where he bad learned that.

swee! “Good morning,” was the.reply. Joo turned gway,,putting his foot on

dowe’ wil" prevent olds If It does dust Hew to Equip a Sewing Kit For Minna’s first object of observation | his spade to hide the fact that he hed
come on euddenly the prompt use of} the Sailor Boys. Was the plowman: He was a stalwart

2 - =e fe a4 forgotten himself, letting out some. |”
— ; tho Tablets will quickly cure it. The fe Navy league has issued am ap- | young fellow of twenty-one and de- thin,
, CHAS. LEGGETT

& thet he had not, intended to dl-

t all perfectly plain: and, often ilus-

Is f trating what he told her by the plants
form color, Tho kit is thirteen inch: “Nothing. 1 shaJ) be much interested themselves. During th

® spring and

early simmer Minna was Ustening to
“fairy tales of science” and, though
sho was not aware of {t, was becoming = % ,
interested In the story teller as woll | Vehicles. ‘

as his tales.

When the crop was ready to be gath-

 

   
  
   
   
      
   
  
  
 
 

leman’s ineaments, but be had |.

  
    
    
 
  
     
    
  
     
  
 

He was Joe.

Well. to mako’a long story short, Joo, |

at Win-

required dry ground,-and the
season hail been wet. He was waiting

Minna bemme desirous of making a
garden of ler own, and the man pre-
pared o smull bit of ground for her.
She desired to raise just such vege-
tables on sho preferred to eat, and her

favorite was aspsragus, which requires
several sensons te develop, However,

the farmer, whom by this time she had
come to call Jox, made an asparagus
bed for her ant procured tho roots,
One morning she went out to the gar-
den and saw these roots lying by tho
bed intended for them. They looked to
her Uke a Meduss's hair of snakes.
She supposed she should plant them,
putting them in so that tho snakes
should grow up in the air. When she
was finishing ber work Joo came
along and, looking down at her plants,

“What's the matter?” asked Minne
“You've planted them roots upper-

This was Minno’s first effort at

planting and, since asparagus dots not To women who are suffering from some form of a
srry in the earth like potatoes, Joo |: woman's special ills, and have a constant f realkzin,
righted them for her. After that she sp , fant fear of b ing

relled more on her preceptor and mado down, the three following letters ought to bri

While dressing one morning after a
warm rain she looked out through her

a faint. ling of pale green where she
had put in her radish seed, Hurrledly
finishing dressing, she went down-
stairs and ran out to her garden. True
enough, there were the little green

This was Minna’s first sight of some-
thing coming from seed that she bad

aE Elwell as ever. I cannot say enough in favor of the
Planted with ber own hand, and she Pinkham remedies.”=Mrs, yas AsnAcn
was delighted. Looking up, she saw Se Ma Worth Crandon, Wis.

Joe coming, with the?garden tools on Testimony from Oklahoma.
his shoulder, and, running toward him

         
   
    
    
   
 
  
   
    
   

highest grade manufactured for the carriage trade.

 
    
   
   
  
     
  
  
 
   

  
   

TT

  
    
    
   
 
  
   
    

 
    
   

 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  

  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 

  
  
 
   
 

   
  
 
  

 
 
 
  
   
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
    
 

 

  
 
 
   
 
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
 

nghope:— =, =
North Crandon, Wis.— “When I was 16

years
old I got. married and at 18-years I; bi
wine tnd it lefi me with very pee on Toate ‘
not walk the floor, out having to:ait.

  

pall

      
  

me I a displacem
have to have an‘operation: ‘Phis fri tened me go ~
@e)™uch that I'did not kmow what todo.” Havin

heard of Lydia E. inkham’s Vegetable Campound .
I thought I would give it a trial and it made moe as: .

 

Lawton, Okla.—“When-I be to take Lydia . Pinkham’s ‘a
Vegetable Compound I seemed to renee for notte I tired eagily | 3
and had'headaches much of the time and Was irregular. I took itagain.._ f
before my little child was born and it did"me a wonderfal amount of .
Rood at = time, z pen fail to eet ae ee me

egetable Compoun: ailing women because it as so m
for me.”—Mre. A. L MoCuseann, 509 Have St, Lawton, Oxia.

From a Grateful Massachusetts; Woman.

Roxbury, Mass—*T was sufferin from inflam-'
mation and was examined by a hyaicien who found
that my trouble was caused [ ® displacement.

My symptoms were bearing down Pains backache, |

and sluggish liver. I tried several kinds'of medi. | 1!!!
cine; then I was asked to try Lydia E. Pinkham’a j | 3 f 4
Vegeta (ombound. Tt has a me and I zr *

please in usual good ealth using it;
and high reconmusnd it.” — Mrs. BM Osaoon,
l Haynes ark, Roxbury, Mass.

   
    
        
       
         
     
   
     
    
   

 

  

    
 

   

 
 
 
       
    
     
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
   

 

  
   
 
  
 
 
 
     
  
    
 

 

 
 

E.
letter will be oj
'n strict confidence,

  
    
    
    
  
  
    
 
 
  

  
   
    
  
  

  
  
     
   
   
   

    
  
 
 
 

“Consider Safety First When Buying Flour.”

“GOLD MEDAL”
IS SAFE TO USE. : >

} con every user every bake day perfect Protection against uncer-
} tainty. Z 7

It Is safe baking aeafe flour and a pure flour.
Because It Is safe it is the most economical, sip) 1)

Gold'"Medal Flour is said under. a guarantee Of watlafiiction Gr t
7 Me 4 -

T.R. FLOOD,

| Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.
HARROW,'.- ONTARIO.

 

  

   

  
   
    
  

      
  

  
   

   
   
  
  
 
  
  
   

 
   
 
  
 
  
 

  
    

 

  
  

 

 

 
 
  
   
       
  
       
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   

   
  
   

  
   
  
  
   

 
  
 
  
    

NcLAUGHLIN. CARRIAGES.

ist.-Smooth running and noiseless.

2nd.—Rubber and brass washers (patented).in Canada and
U.S. : ;

3rd.—A. Standard wheels, exclusive on all four-wheeled

  

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

4th.—Solid foot-gained front, padded. dashes. 3 :
5th.—Hand-buffed ..long-grained leather—abeolutely the * am

     
    
 
    
      
 
  
 
  
   
 

>

~ 6th.—Wrought iron reach Construction: 8 ’ .

~ Tth.—Hickory-XXX shafts, Selected ato’.

et ca)

 

“One Grade Only and That the Best.”

:

LENS

 

 

   
  
    
    
   

  
   

be Vv.

~ Massey-H, Age - "hone 74 8
__ Old Echo Office; Ramsay. St., Amherstburg.
 
  
     

 

 

     
       

 

   
   
    
    
   
  

Politi
Dewart

Dee eet |
j FLOOR COVERINGS

For Every Room in the House
t
+f

:
:

 

 

J. M. G
to be o

 

Every possible resource has been called upon to make
¢he stocks of this department complete. There are woven

try, Axminsters, Brussels—an a
with savings to be made everywhere.

| We have all sizes in Tapestry and Brussels Rugs—space
does not permit mention of all sizes and prices and for the
moment we confine ourselves to an enumeration of our

Imported and Canadian.

¢

ernmen
with a

Wilton Squares

‘ They are about the best wearing rug made—the kind
that in after years you forget the price because of the wear
and satisfaction returned. The designs are for the most
part reproductions of Oriental designs, producing soft
¢ones in blended colorings. ; ‘

such is
fortune:

embrac
{ats on

  

We pay the freight to out-of-town points on parcels from the
carpet department, if purchase is $10 or over.

  

       
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  

3
t
3
t
i
t
-
:
:
£
:
:
£
ne
:
3
:
3
%
:
E

in the

eect hitb rb brs foofoelonfoodooforlonseeiortort

 

 

CanY ou Feed More Live Stock

    

 

IF SO YOU WILL BE INTERESTED IN OCNDITIONS
UNDER WHICH FREIGHT CHARGES WILL BE PAID
FOR YOU ON CAR LOTS.

‘
i

 

The Ontario Department of Agriculture is anxious that the splendid
harvested this fall should be used to the best advantage. In
many’ cases-this_ can be done by feeding a few.more head of cattle
or sheep for breeding purposes. The Department therefore calla
attention to the announcement of the Federal Minister of Agriculture
offering to pay freight shipments on car lots from Eastern Stock
\Vards:to country points.

crops

 

PLEASE NOTE THESE FACTS:

+ Individually, or in co-operation Any‘farmer or drover can pur-
with your neighbors, you can chase a Carload of Cattle for
purchase a Carload of Heifers Feeding Purposes on the Winnl-

+
i
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
“fe
+
+
+
—
+.
:
+
+
+
-
a

  
  
      

or Ewes, or both combined, and peg .market, nnd’ have them
have them shipped from~ any shipped to any country point in
Eastern Stock Yard to your Ontario upon payment of only
Station without any cost for one “half the usual freight

LEE EEE EEE EEE LTS

(reight charges. You.-will be charges.
required to mnke o deciaratfon
that the stock is for breeding

purposes only.

Feeding at the Toronto Stock Yards avallable at Reduced Rates,
and Expert Assistance is at the disposal of farmers. pe

“Byery effort is being made to bring the surplus stock
of some sections to the surplus facil of others, All indica-
tions point to a steady demand for the meat.supplies of
this country for some time to, come,’—Sir William Hearst.
Ontario Minister of Agriculture,

organizing a co-
giving any other

The District Representative will’assist you in
operative car for your district .if desiredy or -in

information.
: J. W. NOBLE,

District Representative, for Essex’ County.

 

soofenferfosfeclenteeeclerbendeetosberlonte desir tenier ieee

 

 
 
  

  
  

 
  

BOWLBY'S-- S:WOWICH AND FERRY STS.

A Gigantic Sale of Men and
Young Men's Overcoats

ALL THIS WEEK

 

        
  

  

         

 

  
  

We l:ave been picking up all the good things in Overcoats for the past

few months and find ourselves heavily stocked We propose to Clear out

several hundred coats this week at tremendous reductions, All Young

Men’s and Men's Overcoats as follows, (the only feservations gre plain
blacks and greys); : : ’

$12.50-$15.00. Overcoats—Sale Price $11.45
$18.00-$20.00-$22.00 Overcoats—Sale Price $15.45

This includes Fall Overcoats as wellas Winter weights

  
      
  
   

  
  
  
 
 

  
    

wh

 
 
 
 

Your Money Back If Not®Satisfied.

 

     
  
     
    
 
   
   

ie

 

   
  
   
 
 
  

       
  

Miss a Bratt, of Harrow, spent) -@
ie nS over Sun i

i DENS marke, “Tendrg for
or sisiden at the tounell

lay with Miss Violet and Leta
Dorsey. .

Grief brought on by the death of
her. son, Lieutenant Lincoln €. Hut-
ton, who was killed in France more}
than a year ago, resulted in the death

|early Tuesday morning of Mrs. Agnes}
¥ ful wife of Frank Hu

  
  

  
 

 
 
  

eats, Ouelitia. ‘avenues
‘Hutton, who

erals, to succeed Mr. Rowell, who has

Wednesday afternoon,

Sir Wilfrid Laurier has named as
his scrutineers for the soldiers’ vote
overseas In the approaching election

are authorized as far as possible to
see that the votes of the soldiera in

Conservatives.

the press in general is that the step
was necessary to win the war, and as

be followed with

apparently
The most prominent ten members of
the new Government are:

of Customs, Hdn, A. L. Sifton: Pres}-
dent of Privy Council, N. W. Rowell;

 

| No Better Time

 

 

cal forecasters pick Hartley McGREGOK. | Jal is here. W understand that work SANDWICH. .| “rabbit” sections of ‘Western Ontario,
as leader of Provincial Lib- will commene at once. veral| Justice a ete Siyrems theré {6 an unusual nunvbor of cotton-

 

  

Bad luck followed Oscar Drouillard, | {riends have

   
 

  
 

   

  

   
   

jin the nion Cabinet , Ti ek food Gene ror trom cuca o7 war whe Eu ah Satety Ma Li x us| rane uy BOD ae, te ah
—SS—= ___ |the late. EM Drouiliard, who left Can- |!2 rushing the work. - jaho livin: inte! he’

South Essex Conservatives will hold jada a couple of months age whe oon Not being an agriculturist eons docket: Donnelly v8. none oe coef Ot yay Ce Ee Ys e

a win-the-war convention at Essex|scription was first discussed. He large scale, pehaps it is an impertl-| Louts: vp. Mailloux, Reaume Ve commercial sense, will soon We ald-

 

nent pretention ‘o speak about our
harvest, but thagh our harvestings
are small compared to the gathering
in of the great géfen ocean of grain,
jthey are pleasant exough harvesting
jafter all. But evm when theae good
jtimes aro over tinre {s something to
be gathered by thereal harvester. The

  
 
 
  

October 24th,
jodfrey, of Toronto, is expected
ne of the principal sperkers.

found that going to the United Staes
didn't relieve him of military service,
and in a fit of despondency Monday,
at Battle Creek, attempted to take his!
own life by shooting himself in the
mouth with a revolver. He was rush-
ed to a hospital, where physicians un-

  
  
   
   
    
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
    
  
   
  
    
  
 
   
 
     
     
 
      
      
   
   
   
 
    

 

cues imported from Japan, the finest Wilton rugs produced Hon. C. S. Hyman, of London; Hon. | successfully probed for the bullet, and * :

ttn a @ Canadi P 1 Imported Wiltons, Tapes- George W. Brown, of Regina, and | their arrival that his Injuries wero not woods in autumn Are full of “ee which

oy British and Canadian looms. P : » tapi Raoul Dandurand, of Montreal, Un-|bers of his family here were notified branches of the ‘wreckage cause’ nid
Imost unending collection der the Act, opposition scrutineers | and went to his bedside, but found on the terrific fall gales which swept the | ==——

nodest man these

island, and for
for a harvest, and

their rrival the this inju
w injuries were noe dry sticks, too, 0

so serious as at first anticipated, and

 

 

t has been formed at Ottawa
combination of Liberals and
The ground taken by

years
Pony,
CAT

dirty coal pits. So we slould worry,
if we don’t get any coal,

The Episcopal Harvest Hope sup-
per camo off Friday, October 12th, and
par- despite the terrible gale that was DRw-

jing and the awful condition of the
‘roads the event was well patronized,
no doubt due to Messrs. Wigle and/1;
* Henry, of Leamington, who afforded ny
the chief amusements of the éVening,
jand thescexcellont supper prepared by
thé Indjes of the island. .A% usual Mr.

 

Rev. Fr. Ryan will be at Pelee on
iLunday to say mass.

Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, of Port!
Lambton, have been visiting Mr. and
Mrs, Jmes Piper, Mrs. Thomas ’”
ents.

All the Jate corn on the island was
struck with frost lost Tuesday night
and as one chap was heard to ex
claim: “Jack Frost is a bad actor,
but he sure does save a lot of hard
work.”

SHE!
HOL

worthy of every support. The
8 of the new Government will
extreme interest,
ing as {t does so many extrem-
opposing sides, and so many
irreconcilable elements.

.

15

ort

Premier cut

resulted in a continual scream, and | vatoy;

raised. the shop, presumably to keep 4 can assure Messrs. Wigle and |
bs |

in line. -He intends, we. understand, feet |

 
    
     

 

new Government.

early a date as possible. The mater- also won in 1906.

 

 

 

 

Our 7th Annual. Sale

UMIMIER RESORT PIANO AND PLAYER PIANOS

. 1
er before in all the thirty-

 

 

is the talk of the Province; and, little wonder—Neyv:

t Sages
seven years wehave been in the music business have we been able to offer you

such remarkable bargains—a triple saving awaits you—don't fail to learn fully
of this—besides, there’s a vast assortment to choose from—and your complete
and lasting satisfaction if positively guaranteed.
175 -Buys $350 CLOUGH & WARREN, $294
$ LPR Rich Mahogany. tom
Buys $355 KARN, $
$178 ‘Attractive walnut. 250
i > Buys $450 BELL, -
$175 Fine burl walnut. $275
: oF . 4 \ : ok i
A FEW OF THE PLAYER-PIANOS
GRINNELL BROS. Player-Piano, Qf; ENNIS Player-Piano,
$960

Regular price $750; fine mahogany - Regular $600 style, mahogany. ...
_KRYDNER Player-Piano,
_ , .Regular $600 style. Fumed oak.. |

for You to Share in |

Than To-Day. ss
It not posaib’ to come at once,‘

Dargains. It will

Buys $400 GRINNELL BROS.,
Rich, modern, walnut. —

Buys $825 ENNIS,
Fine mahogany.

Bays $450 GRINNELL BROS.
Attractive mahogany.

Buys $350 CLINTON,
Fine oak.

Buys $350 FARRAND,
Modern, fumed oak.

 

dered their services in} jury sitting

ner, Toronto Trust Go.
Porter vs. Menard,

Trumble vs. Ellis.
hear an application by W. Johnston

for partition of a 1

Canadian Ford Motor Company,

Heifers, 1 Yearling Steer, 3 Spring Calves,

to wean; { Brood Sow and 6 Shoats, 100
Ips. each.
POULTNY—About 30 Hens (cash).
GRAINS —125 bushels 0. A. €. Oats, No.

ye.
MACHINERY—Massey-Harris Corn Bind-
Harris Side Rake;

1 Jonn
well Hay Joador;

Stent. Roller;

CLARK & ATKIN,

 

   

|) The Piano You Sel

“According to the reporte trom the

ve, Woaver,

Carrah vs. Peters,| (ng in reducing meat bills in. city

Cadwell vs. Kelly, Bedford va. New: and town.
man, Robinson vs. Trumble, Drake vs. A
Wheble, Rosenbush vs, Sweeney and UCTION S ALE j

The court will also aque

Farm Stock, Implements, Ete.,

Thero will be sold by Public Auction on
Lot 13, Goncession 4, Township of Ander- +4
don, on 4

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25th, 1017

At 1 o'clock sharp, the following property:
Aged. Work Horse, 1,000 he etl
ling Sheep; set of Double Harness; * set of

2-foot lane at Ford

was recently purchased by the

 

Au

CTION SALE
=r

England and France are fairly taken|he will recover. Drouillard is a the labor of gathering these and bring- . Single Harness; Top Buggy; | Lumber
and properly returned. Hon. Mr. Hy-|seventh son, and one ofa family of ing them home is will repald by the}  (ivg Stock, Implements, &c. Saron ae oe eas ATL 7 Pee 2 1
man was compelled to decline the ap-}eleven. His brothers are Arch, Harry, beauty of the fire ‘hey ae ki The undersigned will offer for salo on croa0L ghancataee is Wavcrans ur DMT
pointment owing to pressure of busi-|Louis, William, Edward, Cesaire, Rus-| they are dry enough to burn, or the}, 1 °¢7, sin concession, Colchester South, j cash); Disc Harrow, Road Cart; Gntting ire
ness, sell, Ryal, and sisters, Mrs, Wm. Luc-! puffing and wheezits which they | one mile from Gosfield Townline, on, Box; Democrat Wagon; 100 bushels Oats;
ler ‘and Mra, D, Lucter. His mother | ake when they art, (00 sodden tO comnencioh 3-12. RODE: Ree ine tallow Foes ahaveise gpadea and ahy. oan :
i s oD, A 1c : 2 5 > z ; rels; i
CANADA'S UNION GOVERNMENT. |is now Mra. Michael Delisle, eve flame at once. Why ape a we. ling: property: ; articles 100 numerous to Mention, : i
=a eee although it does not lait long, is wor’ Ny HONeES——Brown Mare, 11 years” old,| TENMS—All sums of 810. and under, ‘
During the past week a Union Gov- PELEE ISLAND. a dozen of your minerili fires which ! with colt by side, Dred again to Fendlar: |cash; over that amoynt 10 months’ credit ‘
a. bP ET SS have been dug out of the dark and Grey Colt, rising 3 years; Bay Horse, 11 | will bo given on furnishing approved joint |

43 years; Sorrel

old; Brown Horse, notes, 6 per cent. por annum of, for cash
11 years; Bay Horse, 8» yoars. on sums entitled to credit, 4]
TLE—4 ‘Milch Cows, 6 Yearling | HENRI RENAUD, C, C. CHAUVIN,

Proprietor. Auctioneer.

 

Ep—6 Ewes,
S$—1 Sow with 10 Pigs old enough

Auction SALE
ay
Farm Stock, Implements, &c.,

There will be sold by-Public Auction at
Lot 3, Con. 2, Colohester South (3. miles
west of, Harrow), on

MONDAY, OCTOBER 29th, 1017 * | |
The following: |

bushels 6-rowed Barley; 15 bushels

Massoy-Harris Dise Drill; 1 Massey-
1 Deering Mower, 6-foot
Deere Corn. Planter; 1 Max-
4 Deering Dump Nake; 1

   

WSR cea $7.00 to $10.00 9x10" 68 Snes $38.00 to $68.00 and Secretary of State for External \ Wigle was elected chairman by a j ES
| Daniel Gow bus @ y= | y serve Grain Binder, 6-foot cut; 1 Mas- HORSES—Horse, Percheron, 6 years,
5 } A Affairs, Sir Robert Borden; Minister | ing his ocak bos at ngased Wore unanimous vote, which position he has fey Harris Hay Tedder; 2 Massey-Harris | 1,400 ID3,; Bay Mare, 15 years, 1380 Ds.
36x63 ......-%.- $10.00 to $15.00 | 9x12..-.--.--++> $50.00 to $78.00 of Militia, Major-General \Mewburn; |to put a cellar ES bie! toate filled on many occasions of their Har- carn alls eatra De eS Aa [oneiro een Dro wa Horse, both sound re
AY 6“x7! 6 $14.00 to $25.00 | 10° 6%xI2’....... $60.00 to $90.00 Minister Overseas Service, Sir Edward | conyentence of his ice cream parlor, vest Home entertainment on Pelee in| fii, iron narrows; 1 set Wooden “Har-| _ CATTLE—Jersey Cow, 6 years; Holstein .
| Roms psierasion and Colonization, | which he will run on an up-to-date eee where his poe Shame and | rows aE kwor una WeGr SF singie-furrow | Con ornare Keeah,, qulet) 5
rats | «mee ape mec foal UA: >} 3 “) gen ye ne | Plows; Mover Le . re Spreader; 2} 2 sey a.
aD + eee soneG. to SHORE} | LINGALA. Rev} $7R.O0. tor $1000, fe POR AS Calder;  Ministi Of the! In. iecale: meet: mmmmicr. | genial manner have kept the audien-e | Plows.,? Tine Mill; 1. Penning Mill: i |” piGs—2 Pure Bred Jersay Red Sowa; 24
erior, Hon. Arthur Melghen; Minister Dan Gow, our genial butcher, having convulged with laughter, but when Mr. | 07")\90-ms, scales; ‘1 Maple Leaf Grain | Pigs.
of Agriculture, T. A. Crerar; Minister raised the prices of meats; has now Henry was added to’ the program {:|crinaer, 10 inch; 1 2-rowed Beet Culti-) MACHINERY Wagon, 3” tino, nearly

1 | new; narrow-tired Wagon: pair Bobsleighs,
new, hand made, all white oak and red elm;
Flat Rack and Box, new; $-barrel Galvan-

1 Beet Lifter; 4 Root Pulper;
f Steel Ditech Scraper; 1000

umber: quantity of Hewed Timbers;

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

Railways and Canals, Hon, J. D. Reid; Henry that a Harvest Home on Pelee} % ri 5 ver: 2 2 : Grave *
9 Peele + to put * }4 potash Kettle; 1 Horse Power; 2 Bur- ized Tank; Gravel Rox, Buggy Pole; Bind-
na Secretary of State’ for Mince ‘(iew) on Eeeement fpupek tian wien in future-will not be complete With. | cide 1. Cream Separator: 1 Washing Ma- crs Drill: Dise; orn Planter, nearly. new;
Hon. Martin Burrell...” Hon.:. Frank a antly raisé the building, our them, and if they are unable to|chine: 1 Barrel Churn; 1 Wheelbarrow: © Cnn? scar Sheller; Grindstone; Nelotte ‘
C “7. + nk and will, we trust, be the means of E ie Cement Tile (1-foot); A quantity of Baled Cream Separator, nearly new; Incubator; »
th : ochrane goes to the Canadian North- keeping it solid where it now stands get over on the date set, why we will) fiay and Straw: 1 set Double & s, and Double Harness; Narrows and Plows; ay
I 9, n orn as Chairman of the Board of We cannot help wishing that the time just have to change the date until"they | other articles too numerous to mention, pohains: yore. SN BASE SROMEIE, SBR TOgDY
ul L Directors, and Sir; George Perley be; is not far off Ra oaree will t we con'come. Dear Ed.—I regret to in-), 70 LOllOWINE 800s eed. COW, ate Aeon
u comes “Canadian High Commisioner In permanent fall. — grees ake @ form you that owing to the impassibil-’} Regalos, See nits VES oa? | in a ecranee Bgodl nariseeral to yee eon
London. Since the first announce- ” L. D. Warner is making proparations \\, ff'the Mahoney Boulevard and the Mull, Grade Durham, 2 years old, and 2|  Extrytie wit Ne Sn tap
LIMITED. ment, F. B. Carvell, Liberal. haajéin- to build himself a house, a site hay- incienieaey of the wenther, wour corr. (Carer. 4 sums of $10 and under Ah ely lee Deans TO cen:
= . oR . ed the Government as Minister of ing been m b ic, "a8 unable to attend. | cash: over that amo . ¢) over that amount — “i eon
2 - I e en granted him by A. M. Me- poo 3 ae — at }eash; over that amount 10 months’ credit over that amount 14 months’ credit on
9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave. Public Works, and it is expected that Cormick & Son on the nee wine Chicago won the vorld’ will be given on furnishing approved joint furnishing approved Joint notes, or 5% per
WINDSOR Hon. George Murray, Premier of ho ae Pate Rana oee ie .! n the-world’s baseball pots without sterest, or 6 per cent, per annum off for cash on sums entitled to -)
ee Nova Scotia, will also accept a 1 0! eae Cee It at Mr. ¥ arn@r’s championship this week, defeating the annum off for cash On sums entitled to , credit. |
. Say et! 5 ce plnce wish to have the building rea at as New Y F; credit. WENRB. RICHARDSON, i!
i g y ew York Giants. The Chicdgo team ORILLIAN ALLEN, CLANK’ & ATKIN, -

Proprietor.

Auctioneers, Proprietor. Auctioneers.

 

 

 

 

 

 

: Used by a
- Music-Lovers |}

The instruments have been rented to» those
who love music. They have received the best
of’care. The season’s use “has not harmed
them. They come back to us in splendid condi-
tion. But though they look like new and are
in- apparently perfect condition when received,
we-do not allow them to be placed on our sales-
floor until they have had the attention of our
factory: experts... Hach Piano and Player-Piano
is inspected in every detail. They are adjusted;
refinished when necessary, and carefully tuned.

ae

  

The same is true of the exchanged, sample
and shopworn instruments on our floors; all of
which are also included in this vast sale stock.
These, too, are in many instances practically as
good as when they left the factory producing
them—but many. of them are going now at half,
and even less than half original price. ~ 3

    
 

You take no chances in sharing in these great
savings, for in addition to the fact that back of -
each instrument is the reputation and resources
of the House of Grinnell— ues

 
 
 
  
   

 

- -
“ai ?

   
   
  
  

_ ~You Home

  
   

wie

 
  
     
  
   
    
  

REAS it is pro-

vided by our Militin

; Act of Canada, Re-
vised Statutes of Canada,1906,

( chapter 41, Section 69, that
our Governor-General of Can.
ada in Council may place our
Militia of Canada,.or any part
thereof, on active service anys
where in Canada, and also be-
at any time when it appears
And Whereas that part of our militia of Canada known

E ! os the Canndian Expeditionary Force is
now engaged in ‘active service overseas for the de: i

Canada, the preservation of our Empire and of human
it is necessary owing to the i
enforcements for our said E

whose inclination or circum
teer 5

And Whereas By reason of the Jarge number of men who

ave already left agricultural and indus-
trial pursuits in our Dominion of Canada in order to join our Expedi-
tionary Force as volunteers, and by reason of the necessity of main-
taining under these conditions the productiveness or ‘output of agri-

culture and industry in our.said Dominion, we have determined by

 

he defence thereof,
Y reason of emergen

advisable so to do b

      
  
 
   
 
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
    
     
   
     

such re-enforcement, under. the provisions of the Milita:
_ Service Act, 1917, hereinafte:

thousand men ;

W it if accordingly enacted in and by the
And hereas Provisions of an Act of our Piling of
Canada, holden in the 7th and 8th years of our reign, and known
as the Military Service Act, 191 7, that every one of our male subjects
who comes within one of the classes described and intended by the
said Act shall be linble to be called out on active service in our
Canadian Expeditionary Force for the defence of Canada, either
within or beyond Canada; and [that his service shall befor the
duration of the present war and demobilization after the conclusian

of the war ; a

W the men whovare, under the provisions of
And hereas the said Inst mentioned Act, Jiable to be
called out, are, comprised in six Classes of which Class 1 is, by the
provisions of the said Act, defined to consist of all our mile subjects,
ordinarily, or at any time since the 4th day ofAugiist, 1914, resident
in Canada, who have attained the age of twenty years,vho were born
not carlicr than the year 1883, and were ‘on the 6th day of July, 1917,
unmarried, or are widowers but have no child, and who are not within
any of the following enumerated '

a

6 EXCEPTIONS :—

1. Members of our regular, or regerve, or auxiliary forces, as defined
by our Army Act.

2. Membera of our military fotces raised by the Governments of
; : any of our otlier dominions or by our Government of Indin.

3. Men serving in our Rbyal Miivy, or in our Royal Marines, or in
<our, Naval: Service- of, Canada, and members of our Canadinn
* Expeditionary. Force,

4. Men who have since August 4th, 1914, served in our Military
or Naval Forces, or in those of our. llicdpin any theatre of actual
war, and have-been ‘honourably: discharged therefrom.

5.°Clérgy, including members ofvany recognized order of an exclu-
sively religious character, and ministers of all religious denomina-
tions existing in Canada at the date of the Passing of our said
Military Service,Act.

Fs 6. Those persons exempted from military service by Order in
Council of August 13th, 1873, and by Ordeftin Council of Decem-

ber 6th, 1898 ;
WwW it is moreover provided by our said Milits

And hereas Service Act that our Goyernor-Generill of

in Council may from time to time by proclamation call out

5 pip renee as dfonesdid any class of men in the said Act described,

je and that all men within the class so called. out shall, fram the date

*  ofsuch proclamation, be deemed to be soldiers enlisted in the military

service of Canada and:subject to military law, save as in the said

Act otherwise provided ; alnd.that the men s0 called out shall report

and shinll ‘be placed on-netive service in the Canadian Expeditionary

Force as may be set out ih uch proclamation or in regulations ; but

‘that they shall, until so placed’on active service, be~dé@med to be
on leaye of absence without"pay ;

it is also provided by the eaid At that at
And Whereas iy time belore a ate tn be fans by

ion an application may be made,. by or in respect of any

> bia sefieclats 16 Be called out, to one of our local tribunals,

a i established in the mianner provided by thesaid Act in the province in

| which such man ordinarily resides, for a certificate of exemption
from service Hipon any of the following

 

 

GROUNDS OF EXEMPTION —

J ii dient in the national interest ‘that the man should;
5 Co) That eae canlaved in military service, be engaged in other
work in which he is habitually engaged : Sa sea
itis expedient in the national interest that the man ¢ F}
| si lc roa ea tye in military service, be engaged in other
‘ ) 1. | workudntwhich! Welwishes to’ be @ugaged Taud: forisehich fev fina
* $pecial qualifications’; :
expedi in the national interest that, instead of
ee enero Hamilitary, Services he should continue to be
educated of trained for any work for which he is then being
ieee uk i uld if the man were placed on
i ensue, © mM:
ee ilar meng toe} his exceptional financial or busincas
obligations or domestic position ; *
pti) th or infirmity; ~
. % tates conscientiously objects to the undertaking of combatant
* service, andis ited from so doing by the tencts and
of faith in effect on the sixth day of July, 1917, of any gruanized
3 ous denomination existing and well din Canada
“= date} and to which he in good faith belongs ;

that if any of the grounds of such application be established)
"a cartfeate of extmpdon shal be granted to such man. ;

     
 
 
  
  
  

 

    
 

matances if he chooses to-
regret It he is engaged f
the production of war material, See
stuffe or somo necessary article, -

  

(Toronto Globe.)

s roclamation un« i
The long erry ot tho Military Ser-| genco, ft ts totter that
will issue tomorrow or

 
 

he should

, Strict obedience tg

The New Suits”
$9.95

Taffeta Blouses in fancy stripes and harmonious
color combinations, Long. sleeves,

and cuff styles and pretty novel j >
buttons......; ERE Garry ie $2.95 ‘
Crepe de Chine Blouses in white, flésh and pink,

Exceedingly effective models to wear with the
new fall suits. Very
special. .

 

  
  
    
    
    
 
  

 
  
 
      
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

  
 

Ww moreover it is enacted in and by 4fts fro?
And hereas visiona of an Act of our, Parliameat of

Canada holden in the 7th and 8th years of our reign anc known as
the War Time Elections Act that certain persons thefeby dicquiilified
from voting with such of their sons as on polling day are not of legal

age, shall be exempt from combatant military and naval service ;
Ww it is further provided by our said Military
And hereas Service Act that applications for exen:sption

from service shall be determined by our said locat tribunals, subject
to appeal as in tie said Act provided, and that any man, Ey or in
respect of whom an application for exemption (rom service is Nuode,
shall, so long as such application.or any appeal in cohn¢ction there«
with 43 pending, and during the currency of any exemption granted
him, be deemed to be on leave of absence without pay ;

Ww our Governor-General of Canada in Council
And hereas has determined to call out ypon active

Service as aforesaid the men included in Class 1,05 in the said Act
ond hereinbefore defined or described ;

Now Therefore Know Ye that wé do’ hereby call

out the said Class 1,
comprising the men in our said Militgry Service Act, 1917, and
hereinbefore defined or described as to the said lass belonging, on

active service in our Canadian Expeditionary Force for the defence

of Canada, cither within or beyond Cannda,, as we may, in the 4
command or direction of our Military Forces, hereafter order oz i
direct.

And we do hereby strictly command, require and enjoin that cach
man who is a member of the said,class shall, on or before the 10th day
of November, 1917, in the prescribed form and manner, report himself
for military service, unless application for his ¢ tion shall then
have been made by him or by another Person entitled to apply on his

  
  
  

MAIL
INQUIRIES
SOLICITED

    

   
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

COMMER WOOTMARS © STATE ‘
MG COMMICOON “ATH NY OnE empey

”" DETROIT

SASZSS PASSE ZSESSESSSS

= —. = - tf

‘CLASS ONE MEN MAY —William Brison died at Watford. The U. 8S. Department of Commerce
STILL VOLUNTEER | His son, David Brison, now of Cal-

figure show 1,239,950 horses and mules
aary, js 2 former principal of the Am- shipped to Europe since June, 1914,
herstburg Public school.

Srey Sr ee 72,513 prison-
— 8 in 6 past nino
—If you are satisfied that you can | Crs an

serve your country better by’ staying | ™°ths, while they have lost 16,860
at home, apply for-exemption., At the

prigoners.and no guns, paid, =
same time realize that the decision of

the exemption tribunal« will be less
likely to be biased than our own.

—Forms of application for the goy-
ernment war service badges have been
received by London militia headquar-
ters and will be issued on demand.
Men who have seen servico at the
front are entitled to two badges, class
“A’ and class “B”. Applications must
be filled in carefully and as they are
very simple it, should not be difficult

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
  

  
  
  

 

 

  
     
     
    
   
  
    
  
  
     

        

 

   
  

Recruiting to be Carried on Under
Present Conditions,

     
   
 
   

    

 

 

      
 
   
 
   
   
    

    

1,027 EXAMINED FRIDAY

  
 

 

_ There is more Gatarth in this’ sec-
tion of the country than all other dis-
cases put together, and until the last
few years was supposed to be incur-

able. For a great man years doctors
Pronounced it a local®’ disease and
Prescribed Jocal remedies, and by con-
"stantly failing to cure with local treat-~
ment, pronounces it incurable, Science
has proven Caturrh to be a consti-
tutional disease, and therefore re-
quires constituticial treatment, Hall's

  
    
    
   

 

Medical Men Set a New-High Record
for Number of Men
* Handled.

    
      
   
  
 
  
   
      
     

7

 

   
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
    

   
    
   

According to the latest instructions
promulgated by the Department of
Militia, voluntary recPulting will con-
tinue in its present basis even after
the issuing of the proclamation and
the handling of men under the MIi-
tary Service Act, though definite {n-

  

  
  
   
        

   

 
  
 
    

       
    
 
   
  
  

         

   
 
  
      
    
    
  
    
       

  
   
     

 
  
   
 

 

structions have been laid: down with to'do this to the satiafaction of the|Catarrh Cure, m nufactured by F, J. ;
behalf ; wherein our soving subjects, members of tho said class, are * | which Class One men must ‘comply authorities, Full instructions as*to | Cheney: & Co,, ‘1 oledo, Ohio, is’ the id
especially charged not to fail since not only do their loyalty and : before they can be signed on. ADY | the meang of obtaining the badges will | Oly Constitutions! cure fon the mar=_
allegiance require and impose the obligation of careful and implicit a Class One man who goes up for his appear shortly in the press, as head-| Ket. It is taken internally in doses
obedience to these our wtrict commands and injunctions, but morc- i physical examinatien and finds that quartera~intends to send ‘a% yews-| {rom 10 drops to 1 teaspoonful, Reg
over, lest our loving subjects should be ignorant of the consequences he-is Hable for overseas service in papers a circular letter instrueting| acts directly on the blood and @
which will ensue if they fail to report within the time limited as afore- I] --|grade-A, and that he is subject to
soid, we do hereby forewarn and admonish them that any one who is bef

“mucous surfaces of the system. They *

offer one hundred follars for any, case

it fails to cure, Scijd for circulars and

‘tebtimonials, aa Oy ;
Address: 'F. J. C:'WNEY & C0, To

ledo, O. <
Sold by Druggists, 75c. *

   
 

those entitled to badges how to get

being called out in the first draft, MAY-| them.

-Still.escape drafting by volunteering
for the infantry; but in such case,
before being accepted, he must pro-
duce to the military authorities his
cqunterfoil to show that he has com-

hereby called out, and who without reasonable excuse fails to report in
as aforesaid, shall thereby comm't an offence, for which he shail be ;
liable on summary Conviction to imprisonment for any term not

exceeding five years with hard labour, and he shall nevertheless, ifwe

90 require, be compelled to serve immediately in our said Expeditionary
‘orce. = ~ Roy

   
  
  
  

    

—The succession duty revenue of
the Ontarlo, Government this year will
probably reach ‘close tothe record
total of two and a half millions.” For

   
 

  
  
    

  
 

 

    
      
   
     
   
 

‘ ‘ 2 ; were yng, nust|the year ending#October 31st, 1916,| Take Hall's Fan‘ly Pills for
And we do hereby proclaim and announce that for the greater i] BO avis oe oe i Bee the Provincial Treasurer was able to stipation. 5 pas
convenience of our subjects, we have directed that prescribed forins, 4 from his employer that the latter|/report h-revenue from succession ;
for reporting for Service, and for application for exemption from sery- ie does not.intend to apply to the tribu-pduties. One of the largest paytnents
ice, may, at any time on or before the said 10th day of November, f nals for his exemption. Any man who| this year was a balance of over $200,-
1917, be obtained at any post office in our Dominion of Canadn; and if reports for service at once, without | 000, which completes the amount dun
that reports for service and applications for exemption from service, Ba ~ : “

 
 

if obtained at any of our said post office:

be forwarded’by our postmaster at the post office from which the same
are obtained to thwir proper destindtions as by our regulations p-e-
scribed, free of postiage or any other charge, af

And we do further inform and notify our loving subjects that local
tribunals have beem established in convenient I¢cdlitica throughout
our Dominion of Canada for the hearing of applications for exemption
from service upen aby of the statutory grounds, as héréinbefore set
out; that these our local. tribunals so established will begin to’ sit in
the discharge of their dyitics on the 8th day of November, 1917, and

to sit frontday today thereafter,"his may

‘ v % at such times and places as shall be duly
_, notified, until all applications for exemption from service shall have i}
y been heard and disposed of; also that men belonging to. the class §

have not previously to the said 8th’ day of
1917, repsorted for service, or forwarded applications for
npc n of our post offices as aforesaid, may make
applications in person for exemption from service to any of our said

tribunals on the 8&h, 9th or 10th day of November, 1917. *
And we do hereb;

applying for exemption, nay -come
under this head, and the outhorities
are hoping’ that 1 good many men,
upon realizing that they. are liable
anyway, will declare their willingness
to serve at once without watting for
the period to expira, at the end. of
which they would be IJraftod. This
is more likely to appeal to the young: |
6r_men in grade A, 13 indlvatioas are
Ho. //ithat they will be the first to be called
BY sj out, if only a portion of tne 100,900
is to be put into uniform, Az the
information has* been advertised by
the Military “Service Counefl? that
grades Band C men will not be called
out for some time, the authorities do

not anticipate any " great rush from
those classes.

to the province by the Cox “estate,
The revenue this year from corpor-
ations is due a month earlier thon in
the past—September: 1st instead of Oc-
tober lat. Already $1,600,000 has been
received, and the tdétal’ for the year

Will be in the neighborhood ‘of $2,000'-
000. : :

—Whatever the representatives of
the’ Department: of .Militin and--De-
fence may We that appear before each
of the exemption tribunals, *they can-
not be lawyers, Instructions to that4>
effect have been Jéauéd from Ottawa
to. guide the men who ‘have in hand
the task of scleoting them. Under the
terms of the act the military author-
ities will haya a representative at
each tribunal, who will have’the priv-

sand properly executed, shall = ‘<

 
 
 
    
 
 
  
  
 

<u
x

 
 
  

ae ee

  

  
   
   
     
       
       
       
        
          
      
    
     
   
  
    
       
   
    
     
  

   
    
    

   
   

 

Hallam's Trappers’ Guide—ve pages; Muse +
trated; English or, eh; tell¢ how andi!

     
    

   
     

       
   
  
 

   

 

ket ie = Se ee where to trap: what balt cod traps to Use?

‘ y¥ moreover fotify and inform our loving subjects 1 CORN EXPORT ONLY ; ilege of appearing against the ruling Halen's Tepe eae Catalog—2e
who ore within the class hereby called out, that if, on or before the : UNDER LICENSE} of the board, if he sees fit to do go. fateatratet rites, trape, ‘eritenn)
10th day of November, 1917, they report themselves for military ‘ ; As the applicant chnnot have counsel, Meee asthe, Cane axed ;
_Service, or if, On or before that day, application for exemption) from ;

  
   

   

service be/made by them or on their behalf, they will not be required
to report for duty, or he placed'upon active service as aforesoid, until . Mr,
a day, not carlier Ginn the 10th day of December, 1917, which will, * *

5 % the province in which they, reported or applied,
be notified to them-in writing-by registered post:at their respective
in their reports for Seryice, or applications for ex-
n or at such substituted addresses as they may,
finve. respectively signified to our daid registrar; and we do hereby

Admonish the men belonging fo the class.hereby
called out that if any; of them shall, without just and aufficient’ cause,
fail to report for duty at the time and place required by notice in
writing 80 posted, cr shall fail to feport for duty as otherwise
by. law required, he shall be subject to the i
penalties by law Prescribed as against military deserters, were
our loving*tubjects, and all others whom these ”
Presents may concetn, are hereby Tequired to take notice, rendering >

and compliance with all these our commands,’
uirements, and_ governing themselves accordingly.

im, W We have caused these Our

In Testimony hereof. Letters to be made Pat-

ent, and the Great Seal of Canada to be'hereunto affixed. .WITS

NESS: Our Righy Trusty and Right Entirely Beloved Cousin ~
and Counsellor, Victor Christian William, Duke of Devonshire,
Marquess of Hartigton, Earl of Devonshire, Earl of Burlington,
Baron Cavendish of stacdwicke, Haron 'Cavemdih of Keighley,
Knight of Our Most Noble Order of the Garter; One of Our Most
Honourable Privy Conncils Knight Grand Cross of Our Most
Distinguished Order 6 Saint Michael and Saint George: Knight,
Grand Cross of Out Royal Victorian’ Order; Governor-General
and Commander-in-Ghicf of Qur Dominion of Canida,

At Our Government jrouse, in Our" City of OTTAWA, this -”
TWELFTH of OeTOBER, in the year of Our Lord: one This list speaks volumes-for théir
seventeen, and in the eighth year good judgment; H. W. Allan, Dr, Jas.

‘ S) * | Brion, M. K. "Cowan (twice), -A. H.,

oe ; / Clarke (twice). No one can Say thoy

“Wie Ww not cabaple; and truly \loyal:;

¢ There is no placo—with equal Spula-

don—thathas sent more of*their song’
to fight for the Empire,~In no place

have the women worked harde¥ to sce?

that the ‘boys wero cared for at the

front. In no place have the

contributed more liberally in by |
towards the Red Cross, towards tho

| Patriotic Fund; and towards the com-

forts of the boys in the trenches, There,

| {8 no: reason why the electors (both

mato and female) shouldbe preached

| sean peetaret, as a ope they |.

Should elect ay member 0
‘ Hon, whether Liberal or orratis |

there whs some fear that the man ap- |,
Plying for exemption might be put to
some disadvantage, but the conditions
are equalized by ihe fact that both
sidesof the question will be repre-
sented by laymen, a

isms Raw Her tewiem(ires Indent mrtces
dvanss information on Uke raw fur

But Washington WIIT Issue Licenses
Upon Return From *
Hanna,

   
  
   
 
 

 
 

  

In order to prevent spectlation,. the
United States Food 4 Administration
hps prohibited the export of corn, ex-
cept under Iicense. The Canadian
Food Controller: has ‘taken steps to
facilitate {mportation.into Cannda, and
the Washington authorities will issué
Mcenses upon his return, Pérsons or
firms requiring to import corn’) may
*. | obtain application forms from the of-
| fice of the Food-Gontroller, Ottawa. —

The Windsor Record appears to be
under tho impression that the Liber-
als of South Pssex haye ho right to
think of Taving a candidate at “the |}
coming élections, and insists In‘ pick-
ing out some gentlemen—who are not
Lfberals—as the candidates for the
Sunny South riding. The Record gives
the impressjon that -the Liberals aro
either not loyal or are incapable of
making théir own chofce under present
conditions. .Now we venture to say
there 4s no place in the Dominion
‘where the people are any-mor3 loyal.
Not since 1882 (36 years) has’ South
Esnex elevted any gandidate not a
Liberal to the House of Commons.

      
      
     
   
 

       
     
     
  

     
      
      
  

——— - a

-CCASTORIA

-For Infants and Children
In Use For Over 30 Years

‘Always bears
Signature of y,

   
      
  

          
     
  
 
 

 
 

po.

 
   
  
 

   
  
  
   

     
   

4

to Stohalflalkym

920: Hallam Building, Toronto

  
  

 
  
  

directions and req

  
  
 
 

 

  
  
    
 

   
   
     
    

         
       
        
           
        
   
   

  
  
 

 

   

thousand nine hun
of Our Reign. drey ond

  
   
 
  

  
 
  
 
  
  

  
 
 
   
 
  

   
     
 
   
   
 
 

 
   
   
      
  
 
 
 

 

 

if this work would suffer by ca ere he

 
    
~~

Jat and 2nd F. McGee

Because it chiefly consists
of the Assam teas of

: Northern India,

the

strongest and richest in the world, less Red
Rose is required in the tea pot.

Where four or five spoonfuls of ordinary tea are

required just use
three of Red Rose.

And Red Rose
tastes better.

Kept Good by
the Seaied
Package

THE HARROW FAIR. ay Srd Cecil Stobbs.

or over, .B.

C
Sake and 2nd B, Rob{nson,
Ewe lamb, 1st B. Robinson, 2nd and

3rd €. Stobbs.

HORSES.
DRAUGHT.

Stallion, 4 years old or over, R. J.
Goslin. Brood mare and foal, Wm.
Woodbridge, C. R. Gardner. Foal of |
1917, “1st and 2nd Wm. Woodbridge, |
Sra C. R. Gardner: Yearling filly or}
gelding, F. McGee. Filly or gelding 2}

B.

| B.
* Robinson, 2nd and 2rd Cecil Stobbs.
Ewe 1 year old, Ist and and B. Rob-

iInsen,

lark. lamb, B. Robinson, 2nd

Ewe, 2 yeurs
Robinson, 2nd and_ 3rd

Ewe 1 year old, 1st
$rd Cécil Stobbs.

Ram

ecil Stobbs.

OXFORD DOWNS. yi
Ram, ‘1 year old, Ist and 2nd B.

Robinson.*\ Ram lamb, Cecil Stobbs,

Robinson: Ewe 2 years or over,

Ewe lamb, B. Robinson, 2nd

years old, Walter Pook. Filly or geld-| and 3rd Cecil Stobbs,

ing 3 years old, N. V, Brush, F. Mc: }
Gee, Wilson Ford. Filly or gelding 4
years old or over, IN. Brush, Clem}
Forman. Matched span, N. V. Brush, |
N. Martin. , =|

Special for best Draught tedm—N.
Vv. Brush.

GENERAL PURPOSE,

Brood mare and foal, C. R. Gardner,
H. Pigeon, “Thomas Thornton. Foal
1917, C. R. Gardner, H. Pigeon, Thos.
Thornton. Yearling filly or gelding,
Herbert Harris. Filly or gelding «2 1
years old, James Wilson, Clem For-|
man. Filly or “gelding®3. years old, |
Thomas Sellars, John McLean, Filly
or gelding 4 years old or over, Thos.
Thornton. A, L. Ferriss, Herbert Har-

 

Stobbs.
bridge, Cecil Stobbs.
and. 2nd ‘Cecil, Stobbs,

SHROPSHIR

Ram 2 years or over, Cecil Stobbs,

Ram, 1 year old, Ist and trdoM. En- |
derby, 2nd B. Robinson.
Wm.
years Or over, 1st and 3rd “Wal W
dron, 2nd Cecil Stobbs:
old, ist and 2nd Wm. Waldron, &
Cecil
‘nd M. Enderby, 3rd Cecil Stobbs.

Ram lamb,

Waldron, Cecil Stobbs, Ewe

Bwe 1

Stobbs. Ewe lamb, Ist and
HORNED DORSETS.

Ram ‘2-years old, Cecil Stébbs, Ram
year old, Cecil Stobbs. Ram lamb,

Stobbs, Wm. Woodbridge. Ewe
ears and over, 1st. and 2nd Cecil
ye 1 year old, Wm. Wood-
Ewe lamb, Ist

rd William

Tis. Matched span, Clarence Hagegins. ; Wandbrided:

CARRIAGE.

Stallion,4 years or over, R. J. Gos-
lin, Geo, McCormick: Yearling filly or
gelding, Adams Bros. Filly or geld:
ing, John Beaudoin, Adams Bros., Geo.
Gardner. ~ Maro or gelding to rig, SiS
Thornton. Matched span to riz. Miss
L. B. Elliott, E. Pouget.

~ a AGRICULTURAL.

Matched span. R. Langlols, George
McCormick. g.year-old “filly or geld-
ing, Joh Beaudoin, Adams Bros., Geo.
McCormock. Heearol filly or gelding,
N. V. Brush, Evan Wright, Herbert
Harris. 4-year-old filly or gelding,
Evan Wright, Fred. Munger. (

ROADSTERS. 1

Single roadster to Tig. Glen*€lark,
U. H. Phillips, N. Marin’ Matched
span, R Langlois!’ *Brood mare and
foal, Adams Bros. Foal of 191%, Ad-
ams Bros., C. R. Gardner. 2-year-old
filly, or gelding, H.” Pigcon

: PERCHERONS.

Pure bred stallion, R. J.
Clem Forman. Pure bred mare,
1. McLean.

MISCELLANEOUS,

Matched span She
Woodbridge. Saddle horse,.'C.
Smith. Lady driver, Miss Katie Be
Cormick, Mrs. Thomas Thornton, Mrs. |
F. G. Quick. oe!

Specials.

By Joe’ Hallo, for best

draught colt—W. Woodbridge.
* CATTLE.

Gosiin,

trained

DURHAMS. \E t
1st and 2nd B.’ Robinson.

6 months,

Bull -2? years’ old, Herbert Harris,
W. Woodbridge. Bull» calf, George
Gould, Adams Bros, W. Woodbridge.
Gow 3 ye 4 old or oven, Ist ard Srd
W. Woodbridge” 2nd G, G. Gould.
“Heifer 2 yearg.old, 1st and Sra Herbert
Harris, 2nd Adams Bros. Helfer® 1
year old, 1st and 2nd Herbert ifarnis,
3rd G, G./Gould.., Heiferrcaly. wiuitim
Woodbridge, Herbert Harris
: HEREFORDS.

Bull, 3: years or’ over, Jason

Cow 3 years or over, Jason, Fox

JERSEY ,

Bull, 3 yenrs or over, F. McGee.

Bull calf, F. McGee, Cow, G. &.
- Gould, Ed. McGee. - Helfer: 2 |
Helfer 1 year, |

Pox.

Ba. McGee. ‘
* HOLSTEINS—PURE BRD.

Bull, 2 years old, Jolin Pollt Suil.
1 year old} James Wison.’ As cow,
Ast and 2nd John Pollird. Bull calf,
John Pollard, James~ Wilson. Heiter
1 year old, 1st and 2nd John Pollard.
Helfer’calf, lat and-2nd Joba Pollard.

GRADE DURHAMS.

Cow, . Herbert Harris. Yearling
heifer, Herbert Harris. . Heifer calf,
Herbert Harris. ~*

, GRADE HERFFORDS.

Cow, 3 years or over, Feirlss Bros.,
George Catherwood. Helfer 2 years
old,.Geo. Catherwood, Androw 4
@rwood. Helfer 1 year old, George

_ Catherwood. Helfer call; Andrew
¥ Catherwood. “
, GRADE AYRESHIRES. :

Cow, 1st and 2nd Ferriss Bros.
Yearling heifer, Ferriss Bros,

GRADE JERSEYS.
- Gow 3 years old or over, Andrew
Gatherwood, Ferriss Bros., M. Fer-
_. ign. Heifer 2 years old, Ferriss ‘Bros.
- M. Halstead. Heifer 1 year, J. K, Me
‘Léan, M. Halstead.
: GRADE HOLSTBEINS.’
Cow, Frod. Munger, A. T. Munger,
iss Bros. Helfer 2 years old, Fer-
Brom, J. Aw Secord. Yearling
; Ist and 2nd John Pollard. Heif-
lat and 2nd-—John Pollard.
F SHEEP.
. LEICESTERS.
Ram, 2 years old, R. Langlois, An-
fHowson. Ram, 1 year, ist and 2nd
A. Ouellette, 3rd Ed. MeGee. Ram
ib; B. Robinson, D. & A. Ouellette,
ion Howson, Ewe 2 years old, 1st
ond D. & A. Onellette, 3rd A.
owson. ¢ 1 year old; Ed. Affleck,
‘& A, Ouellette, Ed. McGee. Ewe
mb, Hd Affleck, 2nd and ard A. How-

COTSWOLDS. -
a a
q an
peyiear old, Ist, 2nd
Ewe 1 year oltl,

-

pigs. Thomas
E.
Gould. Boar under 6 months, 1st and
2nd G, G“Gould. Sow under
Ist and 2nd G. G.

Boar under 6° months, G.
Sow untler.6 months, G.

John | pigs; 1st and 2nd Ed.
under 1 year,,Adams Bros.
}1 year, Adams Bros, 2nd and
and ponies, W.| McGee,
BE. | Gee, Ed, MeGee.
F. McGee, 2nd- and ard Ed. McGee:

| year old; B. Rébinson.
| year,)B, Robinson.

Hedges,
Hedges, Roy Fox,
Ouellette,

Buckwheat,

4 lois.

years, |,

“| T. Bondy.

FAT SHEEP.

Cecil Stobbs, Wm, Waldron, Ed.

McGee.

SWINE,
7 ERKSHIRES.
Boar aged, D: & As:Ouoellette,..Sow

over 1 year, R. Langlois, E. Potiget
Sow under 1 year,

EB. Pouget.
POLAND CHINA.

Boor, nged, E. Pouget. Sow ani 7

Thornton, “2nd and 3rd

Pouget. 3oar, 1 yeariold, G. G.

months,
Boar under

Sow under 1

Gould.
year, G, G, Gould;

year, 1st and 2nd Thomas Thornton,
ard.G..G, Gould.

CHESTER WHITE.

Bonr under 1 year, G. G. Gould.
G. Gould.
x Gould,

RED JER 3
Boar ~ged, F, Me .. Sow, and 7
McGee. Boar
Sow under
$rd Ed.
Boar*under 6 months, F. Me-
Sobw under 6 months,

TAMWORTH.
Sow under 6 months, Gs G* Gould
2 HAMPSHIRES.
Boar, aged, B. Robinson Boar, 1
Boar under t
Sow under 1 year,
Boar under 6 months,
Sow. under
Robinson.
1st and

3. Robinson.

Ist and 2nd B.

Bacon hog fit for market,

2nd B. Pouget.

Special. ;
By. J. Cornwall, for best Diicon hog

—E. Pouget.

GRAIN AND SEEDS.

Fall wheat, red, Ta Ts Bondy, H. L.
Fall wheat, white, H.
Barley, DD & A.
White oats, H. L. Hedges.
R. Langlois. Rye,
Hedges. ‘Beans,, R. Lang:
White Gourd Seed Corn, Ea.
A. Deneau, George McCormick. Bail-
orn, Adams Bros. White Cap corn,
T. T,.Bondy? Ed. A. Dened@u. Leeming
corn, George McCormick. Timothy
seed, R. Langlois, Thomas Thornton.
Red clover seed, D: & ‘AP Ouellette, R.
Langlois. Alsjke, Thomas Thornton.
Bale of hops, J, ©. Murray. Cane
seed, George McCormick, Stan Hal-
stead. White Cap corn, A. °L. Fer-
riss, Ed. A. Deneau, Gourd seed corn,
BE. A. Deneau. White Flint corn, Stan
Halstead, Wisconsin No..7 corn, B-
A. Doeneau, George MéCormick.
Specials,
By C; Bell, for gourd see deorn—E.
A. Deneau.

By T, R. Figod: for red wheat—T.

Flood, for White ogts—H,

L.

By Ts: R;
L, Hedges.

Do you ever hav
the“blues”?

That discouraged feeling often
comes froma disordered stom-
ach, or an inactive liver. Get
your digestion in shape and
the bile acting. peopel Oe
the“blues” will disappear. You
will soon be cheerful, if youtake

the people’s remedy for life’s
“commen ailments. They

he stomach,

A, C. Cunnin
| Lev

THE

By Imperial Bank, for best display
of grain on stalk—George McCormick,
B. A. Deneau.

By Clark, Limited, for best peck of
beans—Andrew Catherwood,

By Imperial Bank, for best bushel
corn—E, A. Deneau.

Bushel of Wisconsin No, 7 corn—A.
T. Munger,

Alfalfa—Thomas ‘Thornton.

ROOTS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes.

Early Rose, Mac Halstead, John At-
fleck. Rural New Yorker, . Wilson
Ford. Early Six Weeks, T. T. Bondy,
F, J. Pastorius, Emperor of France,
A. E. Bailey, J, Affleck. Early Obio,
Adams Bros, Green Mountain, F. J.
Pastorius. Early Burpee, W. Ford, Co-b
blers, W. Ford, A. E. Bailey. Early
Eureka, Roy Fox. Early Pride, F. J.
Pastorius, Early White Rose, J. CG.
Murray. Rochester, F. C. Quick, La-
fayette, M. Enderby. Pride of the
west, Charles Glark. Early Michigan,
Mac Halstead. Tod's. Wonder, T. T.
Bondy. Early Sensation, Sol. Baltzer,
Dakota Red, 2nd Thomas Thornton,

Turnips, Charles Clark. Paranips,
Miss L. B. Elliott, A. T. Munger. Man-
volds, long red, T, T. Bondy, John Pol-
lard, Swede turnips, Charles Clark.
Field Pumpkin, Walter Pook, Adams
Bros. Field carrots, Thos. Thornton,
Charles Clark. ‘Sugar mangolds, Mac
Hajstead, A. E. Bailey. Summier
squash, George McCormick, A. E.
Balley. Hubbard Squash, W. H. Fer-
riss, F, J. Pastorius. Cabbages, Nor?
man Wright, Hardy Fox. . Cauliflower,
Hardy Fox. Table beets, Ferriss Bros,
¥. J. Pastorius. Table carrots, F. C.
Quick, J. C* Murray... Table onions,
A, B. Bailey,- Thomas Sellars. Red
peppers, Thomas “Sellars, F. J. Pas-
torlus. Muskmelons, Charles Clark.
Sweet corn, F. C» Quick, Tomatoes,
F. J. Pastorius. Celery roots, W. C.
Webster.

Special.

By Echo Printing Co.,
pumpkin—Watlter Pook.

By Echo Printing Co,, for largest
squash—Ferrlss Bros,

By Imperial Bank, for best bushel
potatoes—Wilson Ford.

es, for 2nd best bushel of

Mac Halstead. .*

y J. H. Madill, for best bushel po-
trtoes—Wilson_ Ford.

BY Clark, Limited, for best peck of
tomatoes—James Wilson.

JUVENILE DEPARTMENT,

Best peck potatoe F, J. Pastorius,
W. €. Webster, Best 6 ears corn, John
Readman.

DAIRY PRODUCTS AND PROVIS- |
IONS.

2 pounds fresh butter, Fred. Munger,
George McCormick, Gallon crock but-
ter, Norman Martin, Thomas Sellars.
Honey, 1st and)2nd Wilson Ford.
Home made bread) Wilson Ford, Rer-
riss. Bros. Homeimade*buns, Norman
Martin, George McCormick., Honey in
comb, Wilson Ford. Maple syrup,
M. Levergood. Layer cake made by
girl, Hardy’ Fox, Miss L. By Eliott.

Specials,
fer Bros, for best
by girl—Hardy Fox:

fof heaviest dozen

for lnrgest

By Th
cake made
By F
eggs—>

By T. R. Flood, for best hams made
bread from Gold Medcl flour—Wilson
Ford.

layer

. Herdman, gallon
as 5 rs.

Special for best-pumplin ple--L. B-
Elliort.

FRUIT.
Apples.

14 varieties, M. Levergood,.
wins, Andrew Catherwood, irs. P.
Pigeon. King, M..Levergood, Wolt
River, G@orge Catherwood, Wm. Huff
man. , Northern Spy, Mra F.. Pigeon,
Steele’s Red, M yergood, Mrs. F,
Pigeon. -Ledy, M. Levergood.- Talmon
6 t, Levergood, Geo. Gather-
wood. stton Beauty, “M. Levergood.
Gravenstein and Cranberry Pippin, M.
Levergood.- Golden sweet, Wm. Huff-
‘ian. Limbertwig and August,~M
Levergood. Red -Permain, “Mfs. F
Pigeon. <Baxter’s Red, Mi Levergood,
Mrs, F. Pigeon MeIntosh, George
Catherwood, M. Levergood, Maiden’s
Blush, Mrs. F. Pigeon, Wm. Huffman.
Longfield, M, Levergood. “Stark, An;
drew Cather Fall Pippin, An-
drew Casherw UM. Levergood. Win?
ter Russety Hulman. Green
Pippin, Mrs. F. Piseon, Winter$Pippin,
M. Levergood, Millen, MY Leyergood.®
Red sweet, Mrs. F. Plegon. Cluster
Ben Davis,

yergood, Mrs. F. Pigeon. Stra:
berry sweet, Mrs. Fy Pi n; William
Huffman, Wagner, M. Lb rgood, Mra.
F. Pigeon. Roxbury Rusgett, Mra. F
Pigeon; Northern ~Russett,
Hoffman. * English, Mrs. F. Pigeon.
Creb, Janies Wilson. Seek-no-further,
M. Levergood. Ribston Pippin, M.
Levergood. Fellowater, M.° Lever-
good. Wealthy, A.-Agla.- St. Law:
rence, Ed.; Affleck: Golden © Rusnet,
Mrs. F. Pigeon. Seedling, Mrs. F. Pig-
eon.gM. Levergood. Blenheim orange,
Ferrlsy Bros: Pound Sweet, Ed. aAf-
fleck. Snow, Wm. HufYman, Jatijes
Wilson. Pewaukee, Geo. McCormick;
M. Levergood.

Bald

My

Pears.

§ varieties, M. Lavergood. Howell,
Mr&, F. Pigeon. Bartlet, Mra.’ fF) Pig-
jeom, M. Levergood. Winter Nellis,
Jason Fox, Flemisi Beauty, Mra. F.
Pigeon, M. Leveérgamd Russett. M.
Levergood. Beurre Clairgean, F. J.
Pastorius. Sheldon, Sthnley Halstead,
George McCormick. Beurre d’Anjou,
\Stiiley Halstead. gManning, M. Lev-
ergood. Bell, Mra. F. Pigeon. Kieffer;
Mrs. F-@igeon, Tyson, M. Levergood.
Grapes,

4 clusters white, Ages Arner, A.
T. Munger. 4 clusters black, A. T,
Munger,_ Mrs. F* Pigeon. 4 clusters
red, 2nd©Mrs, F, Piegon.

: Peaches.

Yellow seedling, cling. A. Agia. Sead-
ling, George McCormick, Mra, F. Pig-
eon. Orange, George * McCormick,
-| Blood, Evan Wright, F.J. Pastorius,

Four quinces. A. T. Munger, M. Ley-
ergood.

Collection of fruit, M. Levergood.

* POULTRY.
SOwWwLs:

Plymouth Rock,’ barred, cock and
hen, G. G} Gould: Plymouth Rock,
white, cock, W. Woodbrige, W. T.
Shuttleworth; hen, ,.W. Woodbridge,
W. T. Shuttleworth. Plymouth Rock,

buff, hen, W. T. Shuttleworth. Wyan-

dotte, white, cock, J. K. McLean; ben,
Ist and 2nd Clarence Cornwall.
Wyandotte, partridge, cock, Ist and

2nd Murray Clark; -hen, 1st and 2nl

Murray Clork. Rhode Island Red, sin-
gle comb, cock, W. T. Shuttleworth;

hen, Clarence Cornwall. R, 1, Teeti,
act | Tose comb, cock, W. T, Shuttleworth;

hen, W. T. Shuttleworth,

William |

pines, cock, F. J. Pistorius; hen, lat
and 2nd°B; J. Pastorius. - >
Minoreas, single comb, black; cock
and hen, Wilson Fort. Houdane, cock
and hen, ¢. F, Smith Brahmas, dark,
cock and heny B. Rebinson. Brahmas,
Itght, cock and hen, 8B. Robinson,
CHICKS.
Plymouth Rock, bsrred, cockerel, G.
G. Gould, Ed. McGee; pullet, G. G.
Gould, Ed: McGee, Plymouth Rock,
white, cockerel, Clareace Cornwall, W.
Woodbridge; pullet, ditto. Plymouth
Rock, buff, cockerel, W. T. Shuttle-
worth; pullet, W. T. Shuttleworth.
Wyandotte, white, cockerel, 1st and
2nd Clarence Cornwall; pullet, 1st
and 2nd Clarence Cornwall. RL
Red, rose comb, cockerel and pullet,
ist and 2nd W, T. Shuttleworth. Leg-
horn, single comb white, cockerel, M.
N. Rounding, Murray Clark; _ pullet,
M. N. Rounding, Murray Clark. Log-
horn, single comb, brown, cockerel
and. pullet, 1st and 2nd Murray Clark.
Cochins, buff, cockerel, 1st and 2nd,
Norman Wright; pullet, 1st and 2nd
Norman Wright. Bantam, Buff Cochin,
cockerel and  pullet, B. Robinson.
Game, brown red, cockerel, Norman
Wright; pullet 1st and 2nd Norman
Wright. Orpington, black, cockerel,
M. N. Rounding; pullet, Ist and 2nd
W. Woodbridge, Orpington, blue, pul-
let; Ist and 2nd M. N. Rounding.
Dorking, wilite, cockerel, 1st and 2nd
M. N; Rounding. Ancona, cockerel, J.
Readman. Minorcas, single comb
black, *Gockerel, 1st and 2nd Wilson
Ford; _pullet, 1st and 2nd Wilson Ford.
Houdens, cockerel, C. F. Smith. Brah-
mas, dark, cockerel and pullet, B.
Robingon: Brahmas, Weht, éockerel
and pullét, B. Robinson. d
Ducks. (
Pekin, old, W. T. Shuttleworth;
young, W. T. Shuttleworth, Norman
Wright. Aylesbury, old, W. T. Shut-
tleworth. Cayuga, old, W., T. Shut-
tleworth. Indian Runner, old W. T.
Shuttleworth; young, Fred. Clark, W.
T. Shuttleworth.
Toulduse geese, W. T. Shuttleworth,
Ferrets, Stanley, Halstead. Belgian
hares; F.-J. Pastorius:
Special.
By A. G. Taylor, for best pullet, any |
breed—Murray Clark,
LADIES’ WORK. |
Quilt. fancy cotton, patchwork, Mrs,
J. Gott, Agnes Arner. Quilt, knitted,
Mrs. George Atkin, Mrs. J. Gott, Bed-
spread, Mrs. J. Gott. Rag carpet,
Agnés Arner. Rag mat, Mra. A. EB.
Bailey. Woollen socks, Agnes Arner,
Agia. - Lac lippers, Ena
Mrs. J. Gott.--Table mats,
Mrs. J. Gott, Mrs. Charles Clark.
Child's dress, embroidery, Agnes Ar-
ner, Mrs. J,,Gott. , bac night dress, |
embroidery, Mrs. A Bailey, Adams
Bros. Ladies’ night dress, crochet, |
Ena McBride, Miss Baker. Ladies’ |
corset cover, embroidery. Agnes Ar-}
ner. Ladies’ corset cover, crochet, |
Ena McBride, Agnes Arner. Boudoir
cap, Ena MeBride, Mrs. J. Gott.
Ladies’ fancy fipron, Mrs, Gordon Fox,
Ena McBride. Pillow cases, embroid-
ery, Agnes»Arner, Mrs, A Bailey
Pillow cases, lace trimmed, Mrs, Gor-
don Fox, Agnes Arner. Pillow shams,
Mrs, J. Gott. Sideb scarf, Mrs. J.
Gott, Miss Ena McBilde. Drawn work,
coarse, 2nd Mrs. Chis Clark, Drawn
work, ‘fine, lunch cloth, Mrs: Gordon
Fox, Limeh eloth and doilies, Mrs. J.
Gott. -Best) collection- doilles, Agnes
Arner, Mra, J. Gott Handkerchief,
honiton or point, Alrs Gordon Fox,
Mrs, J. Gott. Hantkerchict, embrold: |
ery, Ena McBride Collar and. cuff |
set, Mrs. Gordon Fox, Mrs. J. Gott.
Dresser cover, Mrs. J. Gott, Mrs. A, EY
Batley. Bedroom set, five pieces, Ag?
nes Arner. Lauhdry bag, embroidery,
Agnes Arner, Baby’s bonnet, crochet,
Mrs. J. Gott.’ Baby’s bonnet, any oth-
or:kind, Agnes.Atner. Eyelet. work,
Mrsi J. Gdtt, Ena McBride, Coronation |
brald work, Mrs. Charles Clark, Mrs.)
J. Gott. Handbag, crochet, Adams |
Bros., Mrs, J. Gott. Sofa pillow, cro: |
chet, Mrs, Gordén Fox, Mra,’ J. Gott.
Sofa pillow, émbroidery, Mrs. Gordon
Fox, Mra. 4. E,eBajley. Pin custfion,
embroltdery; Mrs, A. J. Bailey, Mrs,
Gordon Fox. Centre piece, embroid-
ery, Mrs .A. E. Bailey, Mrs, J. C, Mur-
ray. Centre pjete,.Battenburg, Mrs.
J. Gott. Centre piece, crochet, Mra.
J. Gott. Table runner, embroidery,
Bna ‘McBride. Table runner’ any oth~,
er kind, Mra. J,.Gott, Mrs: Gordon Fox.
»Punch work, Mrs. J. Gott. —Ladiés’ |
Waist, embroidery, Epa McBride. Irish |
erochet work, Mrs. A. Agila,
cut work, 2nd Ena McBride,
‘einbrojdery, na
Gort.
crochet, Mrs. J. Gott. Tatted lace,
Mrs. Hardy Fox. Tatted collar, Mrs:
| Hardy Fox.
FLORAL DEPARTMENT.
Geraniumg, Mrs. J. Readman. Be-
gonins, M. Levergood. Coleii, M. Lev- | .
ergood. Best collection house plants, |
Mrs. J.-Readman, Best collection of
dalilins, Mrs. J. Readman, F. J. Pas- |
torius. “Best ‘collection asters, M.
Levergood, F. C. Quick. ,

McBride, -Mrs.. J.

Roman
Towels,
Tatting, Mrs. J~Gott; Richelleu

Beat collec- }~

tion Verbenas, George McCormick M.

Leyergood.
FINE ARTS.

Oll~painting, partrait. oF animaly|s
Mary L, Shanks, Miss Boker. Oil
painting, landscape or marine, Mary
1. Shanks, Miss Baker. O}l-painting,
$till life, Mary L. Sianks, Agnes* Ar-
ner, Water colors, portrait ov animal,
Miss Baker. Water colors, landscape
or marine; Mary &. Shanks, p
Baker. Penefl drawing, landacepe,
2nd Miss Baker. Crayon drawing,
Miss Baker, , Pastel, Miss Baker, >
Hardy Fox. Painting on satio or silk,
Miss Baker, Agnes Arner. Painting on
velvet.or plush Miss Baker.

WEAK -BOYS AND GIRIS.

It {6 a mistaketo think that annemin
is only a girl's complaint. Girls prob-
ably show tho effect of weak, watery
blood more plainly than boys, De-
Inyed development, pale faces, head-
aches, palpitation and a feeling of
Hatledsncas, call attention to weak
blood in the case of girls, But many
boys in their teens grow. thin ‘and
“weedy” and have pimples on the
face, showing that tliey “have not
enough blood. The anaemic boy i
just as Hkely to become a_ victim or
consumption ds the palo, breathless
ert. with her headaches and worn-out
ook.
catch cold and he will lose his strength
and his health becomes precarious.

To prevent serious disaster to those
of (he rising generation let both boys

Miss

and girls be given the new rich blood |

Which Dr. Willi P Pill
famous the Muna Gti tor making:

single comb, white, cock, M. Nj Roun-

aint fe tyres [ate

Lat the boy in this condition |. .

The little son of Mrs. W.

the child to various hospitals,
. possible medical treatmen
doctors said the case was

ffered for over
rm of eczema. - Mrs,

curable.

Adams tried

where he receiv
no avail. The
Then she heard of

but it was of

years with the
—took
éd the best

Zam-Buk and used it, with the result that to-day the child

is completely cu

Mrs. ‘Adams writes:
son's neck and spread
rapidly until his ony,
was entirely covered.
It was terrible to see

et how he suffered with
: the burning and

feritation.' J took bim to a hospital for treat-

ment of the skin, but instead
better the sores became worse,
him to another hospital,
ed for some time,

first appeared, andl

where he remain-
and although at first he
seemed to be getting better, the improvement
vas only temporary, and the doctors finally
pronounecd the disease incurable.

ad now elapsed sincetPe sores
wos beginning to fear the
doctors were right, when I was advised to use

decided improvement.
ing that I continued,

of getting
I then took

pimples,

“Although it Is now
wonderful cure was effected, hf
been the slightest trace of the disease returning.” My

Zam-Buk is unsurpassed for eczema, chronic FF
sores, ringworm, bad legs, blood-poisoning, _
boils and piles, as well as for cuts, “ig

red of the terrible disease.

“The eruption started on my little
Zam-Buk,. This balm was so highly spoken of
that I determined to give it a trial,
weeks after commencing its use

and a few
1 noticed 2

This was so encourmg-

Gradually my boy got
better aud better until after four months of
Zam-Buk treatment he w
his skin absolutely clear.

six years since this

burns, scalds and all skin injuries.
‘, or Zam-Buk Go., Toronto. 50c. box,

there has not

All dealers,
3 for $1.25.

r . A
Sendthiscoujon, namo
of paper and 1 cent
stamp (for returm post-
ago) to Zam-Buk Co.,
Toronto, and {ree,trial

box will be sont you.

To Improve Party=Line Service

WE suggest consideration
for the persons who may
be talking. on your party-line.
Do not interrupt their conver-
sation. It is discourteous and

unfair. |."

17 Answer only your ewn signal.
If there is any confusion about

the rings, report
promptly to
Operator.

the fact sible.

the Chief

2; When you.wish to call, remove
the receiver and listen.
line is in use hang up the re-
ceiver and wait until the con-
versation is finished.

Do not allow children or others
to listen on the line when.it
is in use or to play with the
telephone.at any time. —

Make your: calls as brief as pos-

Short conversations will

keep the line open'and. make the

seryice“of mostvalue to everyone.

“Good service * * * our true intent.”

If the

apeare, ~

‘The Bell Telephone Co. of Ganada~

=

a passenger, And especially

Young boys, girls, women: deven.
d i Ford cars and enyoying it,
with excursions ease and smoothness,

are driving
~ its stren,
) Buy a Ford and you

If you have never felt the
thing good in store for you.

 

“pilot” his car on'an

thrill of aehanl

so if you drive a Ford. -

while on

country

and power show to advantage. _ or

vill want to be behind ‘‘the wheel

t

It is vast: different from just ri

RY it just once! ‘Ask your friend to fet you ‘‘r ;
open stretch, You'll’ like it, and will be surprised héw easily the
Ford is handled and. driven, > nye

grandfathers—thousands of then
A Ford stops and starts in traf

s}

your own car, there is some-
iding—being

ic

Adams of 489 LaSalle Rd, fy
five
eve!

As entirely cured and S

 
TH

= we ys a | —That whooping cough {8 respo: - OWN OF ESSEX, : ; 3 ;
’ ible for the deaths of more children, TOV " ey , ‘
| ctpeolaty, vers young ones, than any | James Hutchinson and see ee - = “Th
; other ectious BOUHO, "Was. ©] ard, who have conducted tie draying : Cc } t D F el ‘Bill
: statement made by Dr. HOW. Hill, | businesp in town. tor tho past few u Ss own u a Ss oe

medical officer of health, London, at years, have gold same to Oson Raw-

ee : : Ss ORE i) a nee othe boat of health last] jing, who took possession on a Was ' 4 area’ i oe
‘ ; eS ; : woek, @ discussion arose over an} Wm. Wilson, of Gosfield North, has « i . x {
é itom in Dr. Hill's report for the month | purchased the 2ucre prepare of Win, The “Pandora” requires less fuel than :
¥ 3 Don't neglect It because you | f Septembbr, showing that throe chil-| 4 Church, on Talbor read south. of other ranges because the McClary :

            

’ i! te re throat!” |4ren succunthod-to whooping cough. | Essex, ‘for $2,500, possessim to be A i |
tt is AFG IBE heniezine of sare pen ng SuAlewien pele ae Biyen io Bbyenpar eatin Ghuxck bas Flue System directs the heat Twice
. : uble, which can be avoided if » vr. move ack to hin farm near No : a‘,
fe ‘ Re eben ohs are taken, | Cclared that fow parents realize the ser- Ridge, . Around the oven and stops the usual
. | Peps will safeguard you. lousness of whooping cough. Death, Mr. and Mrs. Thoms Carter, of wastage. Send for illustrated des« - = * }
. ali “Sore throat” is asign that |e sald, is caused by exhaustion and Guelph, celebrated the sixtieth anni- eee ; oy | .
, your power of resistance hasbeen | lack of nourishment in those suffering vorsary of their wedding on Thanks- criptive booklet. We mail it free. ; | ;
temporarily flowered, and your | from the disaase. giving Day. The bride and the bride-
GR. ae Ne system is therefore unable to —It will be remembered that Miss'| groom, who observed his ninety-first
withstand the atfacks of harmful Kate Tobin, former G: N. W. telegraph | birthday Inst week, were surrounded MCI S
h b germ pated arse nelang Sonstants ees at Aviinrstbary. was called] by children, grandchildren and a aout X ary:
ly breathedin. The germs haye, to her home at Westport on account f ey nts o| rs,
Bruce Block, Amherstburg. v & D oF Srlome they Ste pheputh ok

therefore, scttled in your throat of her sister's illness, A recent issue

 

George A. Sherrin, formerly_of this ; i
and caused inflammation, and to | of the Mirror, published at that place, | town, ‘ ;
prévent more serious trouble contains a very sympathetic account —Ata meeting of the Public School ey

 

4
} these gorms must be destroyed. of her death, which occurred on Sep- Board last week, E. Rhyndress, who LONDON TORONTO ~ MONTREAL WINNIPEG VANCOUVER ’
} 2k A Peps pastille dissolved on the | tember 24th, In part 18 says: “Deep| hus been caretaker of the school prop- ST, JOHN, BB ont AMILTON — CALGARY il
‘ ‘ tongue throws off Pine vapor, sorrow and regret were experienced erty for some years past, tendered his EIAs
which is as certain a germ-de- y

by all who knew Bulalia Tobin, when resignation, which was. accepted by

a as ae suS bee: fade fale on the message of her death was heardyon| tho board. ‘The board has Installed a For § ALE B Y W. H.
Fae: Qc Le 2c Swiss Mountains, whic 3 Monday morinng, September 24th. 5 8
faraiso highly scsomimendMihess 5 ¥ Morinng, September 24th. It | now steam heating system in -th ee x ie

i was not known even to her family that | school, G. F. Hill, one of the trustees,
° £ Pine fumes ac oalreatied sled she had been around as usual and feel- also tendered his resfgnatioh to the
a le upp es an ry 00 S 0 jjat ost into the air passages and lungs, ing quite well. After going to bed she Board, which was also accepted.

soothing and healing the inflamed sank rapidly. Wulalin was a youug ut eee

JONES

     

 

 

 

Ile Worth of lle Worth of
membranes that medicine swwal- 1

7 : Rirl, leaving school but ye 70, TILBURY

lowed into the stomach could not | hy, ‘March ane rare Water thor he ; s BREAD POTATOES

E Nathiog sactequal this bredthe. | Pital and by her genital disposition] Omer, the two-year-old son of Mr.

 

 

 

 

    
  

    
     
   
     
  
     

 
     

 

       

 

 

   

  

  

 

  
  
 

  

Eleven cents will buy a little more than-a pound of potatoes. * Three- :
° 5 nie ‘ f | and kindly.-manner won a host of|and Mrs. William Montminy, of TiHl-| ronrtng water. Their food value is low 4
This Sale Lasis Only (5 Days, “Gloses Oct. Sst. |-aet> same, tor ai attetions of (i enda Ging nein motes et oe [aaa Mes Willams Montminy, ot TW) rou gf tne neta eater 5
. : colds, hoarseness, asthma, bron- | forced to! return home in June from|requence of severe burns suffered last Bleven cents will buy.a generaus loaf of Curtis’ bread. Bread {s threo |
ae chitis, ete. All dealers or Peps ma she ee aye Me aul roe by falling into a pail of scald- times ag nourishing at potatoes. In fact it supplies more nourishment
pass "0. Te 80 b fe re o continue the calling she thought | ing water. ? for the money than any other food.
: Cos horogtoasc Box, for Sizes noble, When she was seized with men- Mrs. Henry Burgess died yee. * y ‘
/ iigitis,” day afternoon at her home, ‘Carlyle : a)
Pickles at Cost _—Samples have been secured of | avenue, following an illness: of about x urtis rea
| Was Now tWwo* brands of niedicated wine by the |two weeks from loy fever and gen- x %
bs es Sy ta Fa Ps Ontarlo License Board and tho analy-]erl debility. She was 61 years of age. Tastes even better than it looks. Cut down on potatoes and eat an =
8 oz. OCT. MUSTARD SAUCE.........:......... 25e 19e sl» made hag sotisfied the board that| Prior to moving to town she and her] extra slice or two of bread at every meal. : :
= SMALL EVAPORATED HORSE RADISH....._.. 30¢ 24¢ prosecution of the manufacturers. is | husband and sons had lived in their :
i 5-oz. PEANUT BUTTER 20¢ “176 ete ieimations have not been pete plbay Hast ee ae 3 aoe
‘on = Sie POEM DLMOCED ct cr ee prem eteS > ~. a yet but will be as soon as the}|mentbers of the faml y. besides e , z y _ ~— 5
4 10-0z, PEANUT BUTTER. ... 28e Boartsecures from Ottawa a-certified | husband are David, Richard and Ira, ne ee eT a apeti ca hia Ico Cream Bricks;
== eae eae oe ee copy of the legislation passed Jast ses-| of Tilbury East, and Rev. W. H., of * ;
SWEET MIXED PICKLES 2 TOWN AND COUNTY. - sion which makes it possible for them| Kent Centre. Before her marriage ° Sy
SWEET GERKINS 30¢ to prosecute under. the Ontario Tem-| Mrs. Burgess was Miss Mary Férgus- ; wy, 2
; See ne eee * TT E ~Mr. and Mrs. Merrifield’ and son} Perance Act. When the charges are|on, of Valetta. She was.a faithful 2
SWEET MUSTARD PICKLES 30 Roy spent Thanksgiving at thelr old |.pressed in court! the solicitor of the | member of the Prosbyterian church
NURUR VGH BRING 556. ocd: cards so 27e home in Chatham. s Board, Budo Saunders: will, it is ex- | and was alfays closely associated with e . ,
SOUR MIXED 2%¢] —ars. H. A. Bailey and Mrs. (Dr.) | Pected, be able*to produce evidénce} missionary activities. : ; :
CHOW CHOW i 27¢|R. A. Abbott-are visiting Mrs. (Rev.) Seer ee whe aan an “PELEE LAND. a a :
> SW A, B, Farney, in Simcoe, pRrCauy Intoxicated by drinking nedi- = ~
PICNIC SWEE 17G)"_Josoph’ Merrifield: Sold hia Weer [cated windaacMoantehile, tueaiee Tho annual Harvest Festival in con-| 22@ Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont
property at Ojibway, inst week, to FE ne arNeD -thamseltos for Tenens with St. Mary’s (Anglican 3
* Mr. Steer, for a fancy price, Mr. Mer-|¢liminating the sale of beverages mas- hurch last Sunday, was well attend-| > = * i lS SS
Some Rare Bargains rifleld does not know where he will ps soe Te Pes ed “Throws the walled’ eftorts of a -
locate yety 1as reached the beard of @ number o fow of the members who had made ‘ : i i
- > ‘ESS 'E ~The marriage of Myrl, dhughter | 4ruggiste who lave: entirely discon. | '°% © Mik have mate fae Dp Sp :
Re RIN Gone earn On of Mr. aut Mrs Tred? Balley, Si Wind- | tinued the sale of medicated wing unti) | UP *@eir monds to have things as they Royal Pur le Stock ecl c
507%. NCESS AVE y Reap : :

shou be as regards decorating and

ng for the~ services andthe *

°
al portion thereof, everything Dp C h d
: arried out well and. thoroughly, Rou ure, co C ick Fee ?
day, October 6th, wy Rev. R. J. Lee. ring the fact thet these are
Mr. Beaudoin and bride will make their

< , Charles Chilver, of Walkerville, for-| times when it Is well night Impossible S k Sp fi
home in Windsor, mer councillor, \was cut with. flying | for people to leave their farms’ to give | toc ecl Cc,

sor, and Orval, son of Napoleon Beau-} Such time ag {ts status has been de-
doin, Anderdon, was solenmizéed at] finitely determined. =
All Saints Rectory, Windsor, Satur- } WINDSOR.

10-0z. DUCHESS MANZ OLIY
10-0z. DUCHESS OLIVES

8-oz. DUCHESS STUFFED OLIVE
6-0z. DUCHESS QUEEN OLIVES
BAKED BEANS WITH T. S :

 

   

  
 

 

     
 

   
 

        
    

   
   

 

 

 

   
   

 

 

    
  
 
  

  
    
   
 
   
 
 
  

  
  

 

 

 

 
 

      
  

   

    
  

 

    

   
 

 

 
 

 

 

   
     

   

 

      

    

 
 

   

   
    

 

 
  

   
 
   
 
  
 

 

 

     
 

 
   
    

     
  
  
  
 

 
 
 
 

      
       

 

 

     

 
   
 
 
 
 
   

   
  
 

   

  
  
 

   
 

 

   
 

     
 

      
  
   
   
  
   
  
      
  
    
        
  

   

   

    
  

  

   
 
 

   

 
    

 

    

  
 
  
  

 

      
  
 
          

 
   

    
 
 
 

   
    
 
  
     
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  

 
  

   
     
   
  
   
     
      
   

   

  
   
    
        
    
     

   
     
    
   
  

 

  
 
    
  
     
  
   
    
    
 

   
  

    
    
    
    

  

 
      
     
    
    
      
  

 

     
  
    
    
   
   
 
 

 

     
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

      
   
   
  

 

  
  
   

    
  

     
    
   
 

    
   
  
 
   

 

     
  

%
I A ee Oe iio aiken so Ricerca ee Because Jolin Millendorf failed to gluss f th Nolslifeld of bis e. much attention to“anything else. The 4
BOSTON BAKED BEANS =. 2 Pea ee oe Windsor Woh ich” stands pret lggcorate de cane eee Mary's Calt Meal & Worm Powders Ae oy
VEGETARIAN BAKE BEANS gore A bul i: Seaet ee he very truck at tle corner of Sand-|cliurch are due Mrs. D. McClure, who ~ | ¥
BAKED RED KIDNEY BEANS 30¢ peoehet hae Ste EC Or _ Ueh strack & projecting crate. a} so ably filted the positfon of organist
; x TOTAAL ST Eh eel eee : Division Court, and was given judg- > inf i for tlie oocasion. ,Rev. I-G. WI T |
CREAM OF TOMATO SOUR. 2.000000! be = meng, for,.the “amount by. “County | vdior Gaorad Wilkinson Willan ca don rotantay Appoliteieiecee we Liniment._
LARGE CAN SPAGHETIYL.-.. REND Does WnG CSIR PBL 19¢}} Judgeasmith.” ~'The feature of the Watts and George A,. Courtney, of.{-parish, comducted..the two services. ° : > ’ :
SMALL CAN SPAGHETTE. 0.) eS sop He] itt'St. Louis, Instructing hiss to-astn | Windior. haye- been appoint advo] Thecofterories on both oceaslons watt
| Pe age] 1 St Louis, instructing him tovseize | cates he Canadian Mi devéted toy Home Mixsions, ll wel-
Tee canis mee gees ee DE Ter HEY ateadores tony inet “sus hor | Sapte a genie canegnn Muh pdereled tw Heme Melons. Alwar | Wr WE ICIN SON.
this will-be done lias not been decided. ption boards... Judge Smith, * who | munity, And are hopeful that both he c HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE.
, ptarting last Monday. the study | nade an announcement, said heshgd|and Mrs White niay find everything! Phous 97 ' AMHERSTBURG aie
: of German has been discéntinued in heen’ notified “that: the ‘exemption | to. thelr liking here and be enabled | é:
the Grosse Isle schools and Latin sub= boards, of which there are three: for | with the @b-operation of the church SS aS if ,
MATCHES, 6e Box, 6 Boxes for 28e i stituted. This. Is the result of 8D | Windsor, will bein session continu members t® accomplish a good work.
LARGE CAN RED SALMON dg BOC BSC Nolol Dard, The deat eae | ously uoti} ali ekempuon elitme ate] acre? and eoopelaten wits Whe ar —_
4 1 UA ED SAL. AE bnew y  e . : da a8°) school beard, 16 decision resdlrec % , ) ate’ ling ye! pen | (owards “Twrthering any cause. s : c foo enfes Seb b bbb tebe bbb beoteeb :
SMALL CAN RED SALMON...........°., al $200 L5e'| tromngertral gent menit-oxpts aiSpowe ad of No pt x if yet hee pn | tow an oat ue rinj any cause It-is eee biebtde bib beb dpb sfeofose Spobecbe feels os.
: set for the opening of the anbunals. up to Us t@ co-operate. + ‘
SMALL SIZE RED SALMON......... BERS Be bas 20¢ L5e] teachers, pupils. scliool inspecto i a 7 vou sae x :
, many~residents of, the islahd and it 3 ars ‘ a MINGS VILLE. + ot
. . wash will remain in effeat indefinitely. COLCHESTER NORTH. ; 7 = | a 4
en ¥ —'The prespect of-a serious scare x 2.4 ev. George A. King, B-A, has ac- a ww " oF <
Special P —Sugar $9.60, Or 10c. lb. ity of. fuel’ in town is culying many Ww Gesto,..* 7 re portage the, Invitation of the First a oy wae ce ~ “ a = t =
sitizens t Is r the coming win- © are sorry to*report that Miss | Methodist church, St. Thomas, to be-] > : "1 i i i ali oe
RIO’ COFFEE a ees " Saipan in ee $5e . M9e fom ie See at to ieee away Addie Valade is’ suffering from an un: come {t8 pastor. Mr. King will com- < Weare Carrying 10 oe nt Bete delivery the >
CAPTAIN COFFEE doc B35e] to visit friends, some will close their jopable aftack of the mumps in| mence his duties at the close of they = = +5 = ie 2b ;
J ION € PR 3 ar a ee SC cae Mien cae 2 eee ge awe or@.| houses Altogether, and some will Iiye | Lenniington, Wdred “Sweet. arrived | conference yea ‘ . ‘. End matched Hard Maple flooring’7:3" * :)
LION co FEI =!) with others fortunate enough to have | home this week. from the-city tolas- |” Jack Mimar a short time ago re- aks : ¥
Hh. CAN COF 300 a gonkor supply. A large number of | 3)stj his fathor on the farm.—Mr ani] cejyed a {ag Of one of his wild ducks End matched Hard Maplu flooring 3- ay
th. CAN COFE 2be| the stores are Withdut fuel and the) Mrs. John Forough and daughter Es- | which left with the bunch that went thick, ¥ +
Ib, CAS p ratte eenorally. afte ve, with | tella spent Thanksgiving with Mr. and | to Mabie, Alabama, December 17th End matched Oak Hoorn? 8. thick. * >
Special---500 lbs. TEA se, emeracommie gut Starr [ey Renae ie Gant | Med nasil oh bee saa esmeseinen |
° Age. , spent the- weekend in etroit with | fleld in the praorince of Saskatchewa
eci a —_-- Ss : NEE Say se ionds f. + St Albe Gs - 2Panel Birch Veneer Doors. *
i . fs . An explosion in the plant ofsthe| friends fram [ondon.—Mrs. Albert}. Qn Saturday fast little Allen Hen- }
'Pemadylvania Sale Con pay: at Wan | Graingor 16 suffering from an attack | dérshot. son of Wm. Henderstiot. was 1000 Pino Doors.diferent: doalgns 4
4 } t upany at Wyan a fot,
RRAUCAUN, DEA® Gor ts ESS og Bg 30c fllotte, just “beyond Detroit. western [of muscular rheumatism.—Juck Frost | plhying duck-or herock. Fie’ com-it Kentucky, Onk SSE fnoh, £
3 SAMAM NWR AG foo i et ae Y  s9e] clty: limits; on Thursday night, injured | as bedn very busy in this community.| panion was in act of pitching jis | sf Souuigen eine ae erie fn) 2 + 3
LIPTON'S TEA : ’ 49e | 2 Score of persons. more or less seri Mr. and Mrs,-Crane, of Ulinois, are] stone, when Ali nh. who was standing} + Speage and Southern Pine Noort. 4)
ABE EQN’ «Fe ES 3 BSS re OG AIT Aa, canoe n,,| ously. Chlorine gas’ is bellaved to be | Visiting wit their daughter, Myra») near the rock, stumbled and fell just? * eee s Hi :
BSL Ps HARE. ves Ses ek ee 10) iter cause: Both hospitals in Wyan-|Jobp Wor +Mrv and Mrs. J.|as the stone w pitched and it struck} % se ¥ 1p a
r + CRISCO, 116-M. leh be reas 1ée dotte were filled with Victing of (tha Clayton, oF M aerate aa Pate oe) wate au, ithe EULA e From one million to two: z
c eo ) : se 2 for 23e] times, and some are reported tn ¢ § with Mrqand Mrs. J. P. Pughofiy that it required: stitch to close aT . ;
ee ae, Oa Sh ea IR Cee See Ibe 2 for 23¢ Sarl contitigit ae, Tae i fard Nieco lias sugeoeded Omar! the wound, a der otk ta : . million‘feet White Pine and t ‘.
SEE] S Sp Se TENG Os RS RS als IM enn deers »¢,,| Mair are obtainable. ‘Thee of the s choir leader.—The pageant;] Hugh Lowé mocelyed word here Inst? -+ f kbc Hemlock always in stock. + ‘
POTTED MEATS «3. .5...... 24e | Tjurod are: Charles Raubolt, aged, all of the Country, wes pre-| week that James McTominy, who Was.) oe SS See Sit a 4 4
= Nr = = : E “ , 4 rut
CORN SYRUP, 5-Ib. Pail 4Se] 54; his daugiter, Alice Raubolt, aged At Gesto..Methodlst church on | working. for hina when he enlisted and| 4 “Kin syille Ont . ;
LOBSTER ‘ 29) 24, aml, Bonjamin Reubenatein, These NS raga s ae Bed went : setae - thatvhe ~had’ been a FE Hf ie se 7 Ny ;
Sea! . ; with many others are Ford hospital] Cross.-We notice that. some o 1¢} wounded and was jn a hog ital in ' a . % -
ra ‘ ; hs, lor 10¢} "_ “Thpmas Vi a fe es teachers of Colchester North have‘t] Pngland. Heshad eon In the troncliea t DEALERS (NLOMBER, LAEWACIME, SHIAGLES, A CEDAR POSTS: “5, “
EPP'S COCOA : 2-for 19e now with the Arti] jitney servite gratis, _ : fourteen mdnths,- He had BODE | obese shelobsbobettecbbobebtedede febetedeceioonbefebetesesooanleb-tecdedileceooeafobef
a ‘ i ses 9 for Pe % staf! of the atl eriment= < bad 7 through the” Sox a ‘pres E 5 i
MACARONI ....... Petrie Sah Se = 2 Tor Bie ms Stal of the 119th Regiment, LEAMINGTON. ie tet the”Somme and Ypres, bit | a Se a etal thei hie %
MUSTARD, Small, Size : 6e Paieat Canip sults, Rong tend, WES Poe OY eRe Lens. = ‘ Tee
aaa : eat N.Y. pPeparatory t> sailiag ance, —— : ae < I
SARDINES ac He eae hiealatent Phe eAtat Driver Earl’ Willams, of the 64th GOSFIELD NORTH BP Ree hb ies ahi tetch ng Ml  S: HS ex sages ba
? SAKDINDES =. 55.0.5 720: 20e, 250,780 18e¢} ware department of Hibbard, Spencer Fara susie, Seerrabe a duty i We = ee » A 4 b + #
§ ARGE CAN »p x Abed-& Bartlet, hioaw en he entist-| Thursday after sponding several days + W N t 7 t Y | 4 : :
EXTRA LARGE CAN AI PL G0¢ x the x 5 are ue 1: Peet Se 24 YY ae = « with relatives here. Driyer Wiliams : Cottam. 5 Can f e O em ou O :
CORN ST ARCH 15e 24e] C4 in May last. . His brotiér, Bernard As Laura, daughter of Thedore Merritt - e y |
4 = e Gas Se “9,,| Brady, Is now By 2 ‘an- | 18 & son of the late Man#e Willinms, | ,. 4 Sant Pig 1) : ‘
\2AN«1 9e at A now In France witha Can of- this town.” He enlisted last May | 8 i with typhhold tever,—Cornelius :
ocin® adian. division, Both are son®iefyP, eget pT eke A ater | gle and wife, of Jacksons C rors, | | 7 .
ST. CHARL Ge Brady, who has been miking his Jiome.| 12 the 63rd Battery, London, and sate visited friends «ere last Tiiveiny re as e e oo ness O ur x %
at Amherstburg-for a couple of years, | transferred’ to the 64th. He, has een | Miss Gertrude Wigle, of Detroit, spent + t . — eo 4 = ‘
Mayor Lambert, and City Clerk | trough a* course of training at Peta- Thanksgiving with relatives. and “e . - = en 3 f' . ~ *
; Block left Saturday for Ohio and Kep.| “@Wa. midi at : . ;
aa | Breakfast Foods r tacky Soil outers mama A quiet ‘wedding took place at the spl. hls Boeer mes the tei. dane :
a Ss. ’ a ; ; P cure enough coal to keep Wyandotte’s | Methodist parsonage Wednesday fore: | ccgsion to Mrs. Floyd Meston.—The ;
~ : 2 ‘ ‘ y Th
' KRINKLES, GUST-0, KELLOGQ@’S, KRUMBLES, municipal plant running, ‘They  re- mie of Inst week, when Prederice proceeds of the Harvést Home ser- 7 F°
DOMINION «002.205.0403 Oe eee irae ane eee smuoming, “Walle | Tomas Gowan..qutbke end Milas ‘Mar: Te a a Satoh Om Sunday of 3 3 :
96 ci 9 * Se yay y visited arlan, Pineville : a es , | ast week amounted’ to $23.96,—Mr. . =
ROBIN HOOD De en SOATS...... os jibe ave ane and Louisville, Ky., and Cincinnati. aa “Se eRe ee * holy and. Mrs. Anthony Hacker, of Rock. | t tin ae
SHREDDED WHEAT..,.....5.0........265. “oC = 1Or “¢€/ Orders were booked fon clglit. or ten | Wer ook dy Rev. LW. Hill, B. A. THe} away Beach, N. Y., are visiting with | * Bee
* BLACK PIPER ............ oe a cain one. Ree 45e Mh). for 35e] carfonds of coal, and the city is only | bride ane eae ware een Ee relatives in this vicinity. Mrs, W. J. \2 + eee
~ .PURE LARD, 3-D. Pail for pe « 90e | 8ureot getting five or-six canssot this. et as) ab ites Sa ortho ny | Smith is a sister df Mrs. Hecker wi y " + 3 a “f
- SHORTENING, 3-1 Pail fork ae * 74¢| More will come if operators’ can gat oe a aac Wil res n NortheGos-) Mir. andy Rufus Mrs, Montgomery:| & - “Zz rg pic Seance ea ao Te .
? SNe TOE ae Be cari {t through. * Their trip convinced the.| fleld township. ‘ , | celebrated their china wedding ann{-|™ The superior quality of which yo will mn
-, ITALIAN PURE OLIVE OTL, quart... .. worse + 81.25, for $1.00] omciats that a-hard winter Ine d,|, A Guiet wedding took place in the ‘rid x up q you will readily re- ©
: \ Zoe ( r is ahend, | , { He Cc ch Li .| Yersary on Friday evening, September | ¢ ize after the first bite. - - malig
BAKING SODA .../.. ee be psn ee 6e Se} and that the coal famine has not been pene at eat. ao ftermoon ar) 28th. About $0 guests were present, ie COpn Se e be ee
‘ = e —_— . a r e P ‘%
EXTRACTS (all kinds) ........ Fee eee ae aa eae ae ence” Harald. | lneion, on Wodiaaayan daughter, | sonted. with a meanamtens were pre-/ 7] _ MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweot nut-like flavor, @
16.0 1 eee anaes ar dr coe oed breathed 25e Act, enumerators will be. appointad | Hazel Edith, was joined in holy wod. pete th Sa Mro. J. Pp. eyo ee 6 © much desired, but rarely found in most breads. poe
HANDY AMMONIA ..................0.. 3 ke We. 3 for 25¢ | tor ‘evory polling sub-division in, Can. | lock with Wills E. Roach, gon of Sam. Staples; Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Heck-| = We want you to be skeptical in buying this’ re
WANDOTTE CLEANSER.................-.. Ibe 2 for 20e | ada—25,000 of them all told, and about | Ue! G. Roach, of Loamington. Only er, of Rockaway. Beach, N ¥. > Mr.|* ; ea ‘ ‘ SCA
Re A 2 : 4 80 in the riding of South Es near relatives of the contracting par-|°"’ , a na Tray it out—if it doesn’t happen to be all We say
EAM OF WHEAT; Package..................800 28e § of South Essex. These tf he brid and Mrs. Harold Stammer and Mrs. it h ; p ahs
he : ; willbe fine jobs for the boys, just as | es were present, The e was at~! Hattio Ulrick and son Altred, of De- is—why, then, your Money Back. oe Ae ee Si a
WLE MUSTARD... 0... aye ee, , 40eD., for 30¢ they are handing \them out at Ottawa. | red in her travelling guft .of navy trolt, and Mrs. and “Mrs. W. J. "Rond. : Made onl. id 3
fa er : abe wt ance ote .10e 8 fe 25e] Tichton your belt! Economy {s the arts Rev. L. W. a B, ee ae house, of. Comber, aicat Sunday at ¢t only guaranteed by
CH LS Se trrteesseeeseessss.-10€ 8 for 25e] order! It will take about all the wo.|¢d the ceremony. or a calnty wod-) 7 Ww: Smiths. S ie
3 Se} men of South” Eysex can save under |g supper, the happy pair, amidst a” — “ i
nr gn ec en eee ent for ake the fool conservation plan to. pay showar of confert!, lett with the Host NATIONS LOOK TO THE FUTURE:
seve aes Bee ee eee = tho adlaries of these supérfluoustenum-| Wishes. of thefr many ones ; : : :
LENOX, LIFEBUOY, S IGHT, COMFORT, FAIRY, erators; who are to do the worktormer- | Grand Rapids, Mich. On their return} London Visitor Tells How All Bellig-
SURPRISE, LIBERTY a ly done by necessary municipal of-| ‘ey will reside on Erio street south, erents yas ee on Times
ficfals. Save up, so as to be able to] ¢ . © Come. c
SOAP for. OES Ea oa a a Se pay the political “boys.” Pati muat| ae The true benefit of the Military Ser-
“ities eee -+.,.10€ 4 for 80¢}b0 provided chen “1A PERFECT MEDICINE vice Act will not be realized in full | 4
ING POWDER..............,.800 20c} —Sol Secord, of Hrrietaville, Ont., E ; oven when tho neoded -reinforcements |
G@ POWDER...............15¢ He] died at his home near that village, on| ”

     
  

  

Sunday of last week, from heart trou-

© returns to’ {ts
ble, after an flinesy that had confined

a Ps * a ae | Work strengthened and reinvi
° Oe Baby’s Own Tabi | Perfect | ac s
’s Clothing and. Underwear }*™© fens abut ae cc okt, Patt: | medicine for Uitte one. They Reeelece | eae, ie We. Spinton. of
eed. Saas : Ee whi aerae ae pac ene ok the bowels; sweeton tha stomach thus fs now Visiting {n
NWS SWEATERS, OVERALLS, SHIRTS, SOX, UNDER-|in Westorn Onlarto, ilo wag veces Dre up cole eae eae tien: ant Ge ice
end all | ; : in the cattle. buslavss, and had been fonthin bie te diéen ore ‘
~~ [coming to Essex county for ovar tisr- | Make toothing casy. ory

Dast, buying and 2ciling cat-| ta John Babneau,
farme;

   
 

 

FOR LITTLE ONES arrive at the front and the Canedian| $

 
 
 
  
 

    

  
 

  
 

     

aa
] ie! ave fou
‘for little on

b
     
    
      
   

: 3 ‘ ba
The war has affected many lines, some of which are impossible to get. But we foresiw your needs and stocked heavy ‘ie ‘all the esgen- ey :
tial requirements: If you do not get your order for winter in early, you will disappoint yourself. Did you ever think what you would do
without this store? Whot would it really mean to you in dollars and cents if it shut {ts doors? Then do not lightly pass it, The big depart- -
mentals can never take th eplace of the store at your doors. Here are a few of our leaders. There are hundreds of other lines. Come in

 

 

 

  

to-day. AS

MILLINERY
UNDERWEAR

SWEATER COATS
DRESS GOODS

FURS

_ GLOVES
HAND BAGS
LINENS

     
  
  

SHIRTS

TABLE CLOTHS
UMBRELLAS
RAIN COATS

 

  
   

        
      
   
  

and Everything
Kept in ae
Any Big Store

SKIRTS
TOWELLING
SILKS & SATINS
Cotton & Sheeting

   
 

 

THE EOHO (S&S THE OFFIO!

The Stove Store

We try to

 

 

 

 

make this th

Se

County.

 

 

sa- SEE OUR DISPLAY OF
McClary’s, Moffatts,

Oak Heaters and other Stoves.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS

j

 

| ~ C)RICHARDSON & SON

GENERAL HARDWARE.
HARROW

best STOVE
Store in Essex

Se

t+  HaRROW.. }
tebe ebb be bb th
Rally Day was observed in tho
Methodist church Sunday Jast.
Morris Best, “Windsor policemat,
visited at his home here this week. ~
Mr. and Mrs. John Johnston and
family spent Thanksgiving in Detroit.
Richardson Mer {s again confined to
bed with a ftecurrence of his old

complaint.

Mr, and Mrs. Mahlon Thrasher (neo
Mary O'Connor) spent a week with
relatives here.

Mr. and Mrs. Elson Pastorius, of
Windsor, spent Sunday with Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Brott.

*Rev. Dr. Husser will conduct mis-
slonary anniversary services at Com-
ber on Sunday next.

Mrs, W. R. Boyce and little son are
home after spending a week with rel-
atives In Windsor and Detroit.

J. H. Madill & Co, placed a beauti-
|ful Gerhard-Heintzman piano In the
thome of Herbert Ferriss, on Tuesday.
Hogs continue firm at $17.50, and
\{armers are building on the $25 hog,
that is predicted before the end of the
ear,

: Pte. Jos. Drummond has returned
to Hamilton after spending a couple
of weeks with) his father, Jas. Drum-
mond.

Miss Gladys Langtry and Miss Beu-
lah Wright, of Kingsville, spent Wed-
nesday with their friend, Miss Winnt-
fred, Cornwall.

We are placing on sale for Saturday
a tew black velvet shapes,. trimmed
and untrimmed,at_ reduced prices. W.
R. Boyce & Go,

Mrs, Adeline Smith, of Leamington,
is visiting at the Methodist parsonage |
with her daughter, Mrs. Husser. She
is in her seventy-seventh year.

Mr. Little, of St. Thomas; Hezekiah
Bickford, of Wheatley, and Mrs. An-

 

(=!

 

 

a

[serdar

+ WEBSTER & THRASHER—

Men’s and Boys’ Shoes
Sole Agents for the Famous Carhartt Overalls

 

 

We buy for cash and sell for cash and
are dividing the profit withyou

 

 

In connection with Webster’s Harness Shop.
AR

4 Jie Tse In You Hone |

a
zy,
Ht

Ve Seslonlesfonfectonfoofontecfonfortertncfonforfonfeefet

voice-of the world’s greatest musicians

 

Harrow

an G, TAYLOR

— enn

 

a Halle’s Big 3 Weeks: Sal

Nothing so pleasant in the evenings as the

reproduced by the Victrola. ‘We carry

them from $21. 00° to $137. 00. to suit all. ripened éarly, and that is boeing held

Also, a full line of high class records. !
Jeweler and Optician

    
   
  
   
  
  

gus. Briminer, of Leamington, spent
| Wednesday at John Johnston's.

Rev. A. U.»Campbell will preach in
the Présbyterian church at 11 a.m. afid
jin the Baptist church at 7.30 p.nm, on
Sunday, making a union service.

Rey. Mr. Russ and Mrs. Russ have |
jreturned to Harrow after an extended
}visit In.the east, They were accom-
Fpanied home by their daughter, Mrs.
Teeter.

Mrs. J. S. Forsyth.and daughter
Ruth, of Royal’ Oak, came home for
the Fair, and on their, return were
actompanied by her mother, Mrs. A.
T. Munger.

/ Mrs. Charles Loop and children, of
|Kingsville, and Mrs. A. Morriss and
pe 100 Dougall avenue, Wind-
sor, were yisitors at John Cornwall's,
on Wednesday last.

| A number of local sports are enjoy-
ing) duck shooting, and wild duck din-
ners are quite in order, Tbe boister-
ous weather of late has been conduc-
{vo to Facies sport’ in this line.

The anniversary services of the
Methodist church will be held Sun-
oe October 28th, when the Rev, L.

Reid, B.=D., of Amheratburg,” will
var both morning and evening.

Corn cutting is still {h . progress
but none is being offered for sale. It
{s doubtful if there will be any sold
out of the tawnship, except that which

 

 

as

 

for seed.

Gilbert Morn and wife Moved this
week to the farm they purchased
from Mr. and» Mrs. G. N. Bissell, and
the latter have taken the Morin house,
which they got in part exthango for
the farm.
Andrew Brimner is installing o tile
making machine at his plant here, and
expects soon to be busy turning out o
varied assortment of tile, Mr. Brim-
ner’s plant {s also manufacturing cider
the past week.

    
   
    
   
    
    

    
  
 
    
 
  
   
 
   
   
   
     

( We’ve Moved \

Call and see ux
in our now stored

Adams’ Block
ea
THE SENTINEL STORE

HARROW

 

 

All those. owing mo accounts please
call at my residence and settle, and
oblige, H. J. Renno, Harrow.

Mrs. Fred. Clark returned Inst week
after spending two delightful months
in the west. She visited Medicine Hat,
Portage la Prairie and Winnipeg and
returns very much improved jn health.

The W. M. S. of Oxley was enter-
tained by the W. M. S. of the Meth-
odist church here Thursday last. The
visiting society gave a very interest-
ing program on the wrong and the
right way of conducting a Women's
missionary meeting. At the close a
dainty lunch was served. Mrs, Husser
presided.

The Public school is getting ready
for the Echo Gold Medal convert,
which wil be held towards the last of
November. It will be remembered
that Miss Ferriss, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs, W. H. Ferriss, was the lucky
winner from this school. The concert
will be in Ifme with the importance of
the event.

Owing to the Heaton block= being
rented to the Clark Co, ‘to store
their sugar and cans, the ladies of the
Patriotic League have moved to the
rooms ower Boycg's store, where they
will be pleased to nieet all their mem-
bers, or any one-who can give a help-
jing hand towards quilting, knitting
or any other patriotic work.

Anyone wishing, to contribute to-
wards the showers for the Christmas
boxes fo rour soldier boys at the front
will plecse bring thelr donations to
the Patroitic Laague» rooms over
Boyce’s store next Tuesday, where the
boxes will bé packed. Socks, writing
}paper, handkerchiefs, Oxo — qubes;
chocolate, otc., will be gladly accept-
jed, but omit baking. =.

C. Ersman, of Atwood, was the guest
of Dr. and Mrs. Husser, Thanksgiving
Day..- Mr. Ersman: visited Harrow
with the view of Opening a bakery.
He |s a first class baker and would-be
Q valuable citizen. The village js
greatly in need of an industry of this
kind, and Mr. Ersman recelyed every
assurance of the most hearty welcome
and loyal support {f he should decide
to open business here.

Every train ‘to Windsor carries a
bunch of young men, who are present-
fag themselves for medical oxamina-
Hon. About 60. per cent. are being re-
jected owing to one disability or oth-
€r,) Exemption-and’ military service
papers are now on ‘tad ot the Harrow
Post Office, and as is the case in near-
ly all*places, the only kind of paper
asked for by the young’ men is for ex-
emption. ‘There is spicy to) be a lot
of disappointments en the Boards
get to work, or else the 100,000 sol-
diers {t is proposed to raise by means
of the draft will have to”be picked up
from other points. /

 

shedebeobeobecbeeebeteeh este tesbebedbedesbesioobeeiesbed ee

¢ COLCHESTER SOUTH?

EE OPE cr re Vier
Mrs. W. G. Baldwin th quite serlous-

Ty Sa

” Mars. Win, McVoy is visiting friends

in the clty. %

Mrs. Theo. #tarontate_viaited réla-

tives in Amherstburg.

Oxley W.M.S. met yesterday (Thurs-

day) at Mra. Roy Fox's.

Miss Rosie McLean, of Detroit, is

 

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

 
   
 
 
 
   

AL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Mr. and Mrs. Karchner have return-
ed home to Milbury, Ohio, after visit-
ing he brother, George McLean,
and other relatives.

We are placing on sele for Saturday
a few black velvet shapes, trimmed
and untrimmed, at reduced prices. W.
R. Boyce & Co.

The Harvest Home services will be
held at St... Mark’s A. M. B. Zion
church on Sunday; October 21st. Ev-
eryone is cordinily invited. Rev. Fry,
pastor.

Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Francis, of Wind-
sor; Mrs. J. J. Utter, Miss Josiejean
Utter, of Detroit, and Mrs. S. J. Pet-

typlece, of Antherstburg, were guests | Quality, Bottles, Wax for Sealing Bottles and

at A. L, Kile’s on Thursday last.
Echo subscription renewals are all
due before December Ist, in order to
take advantage of the present rate.
These are strenuous times for pub-
lishers owing to the very high cost of
paper, etc. Please renew promptly.
James Drummond is advertising an
‘auction gale for Saturday, October
27th, at 4 p.m. Among the things
offered will be a horse and buggy be-

being sold to repay charges on same.
Fishermen lifted their nets Tuesday
and found them well filled. The storms

and poles. At best the fisherman's
life is ao hard, and rough one, and he

his labor.

The following prizés were missed
from the regular published list which
cppears elsewhere in this paper:—
Dr. Collins’ special for pie was won by
Miss Rosa Ford. Thrasher Bros. cake
special was’ won by?Miss Pearl Fox
lst, and Miss Madeline Ford 2nd...

Owing to an oversight the number
given to Miss Elliott at the Harréw
Fair should have been credited to
Gordon Ford.. Miss Elliott did not at-
tend, nor did she-hive anything on
exhibition, so wherever her name ap-
pears in the prize list, Mr. Ford's
name should be substituted. ,

What it means to ‘Have a few good
pigs. &t his time is Indicated by the
sile Made by Thomas Gough to. Al,
ofzo Brush last Friday. Mr. Gough
sold- six hogs*at $17.50 the cwt., and
recelved a Meck amounting to $302.-
16, A few years ago this) would have
been a big price for six cows.

 

 

John's church ‘(Bpiscopal), Detroit,
September 28th, 1917, by Rev. W. Fa
Faber, D.D) of Steven A. Rickley, Jr,
only son of Mr, and Mrs. Steven Rick-
ley, of Gran’ River Avenue, Detroit,
und-Miss Ina R. Klie, second daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Kile, Colchester
South.

All prize winners at the Harrow
Fair are=requested to call for prize
moneys at A. Agia’s om Saturday,
when any little mistakes) that may
have occurred will be adjusted. It is
impossible to‘so arrange detalls as to
avoid every error, but when ginners
and secretary get together they are
soon made right.

Arthur Heaton fell: from an apple
tree on. Monday and was severely.
shaken up by landing on his head and
shoulder. It was thought at’ first that
he had concussion, but he fs coming
along*all right. This falling from ap-
ple trees is getting to be quites the
popular out door sport, from the num-
ber of accidents reported to The Echo.

A quiet wedding took place nt St.
Johns’ Anglican church, » Brantford,
on Wednesday evening, October10th,
1917, between Helen A., second daugh-
ter of Me, and Mra, T. Van Valken-
burg; of Brantford, and J. Fred. Thom-
as, of Harrow, The offidinting clergy-

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

     
  
   
      
   
  
  
       
     
    
   
 
  

 

 

man was Rey. BC. Jennings, rector, |’

Only immediatg friends and relatives
Were, present.—Brantford Expositore

Phone workers hav been busy along
the lake front, repairing lines which
have gone out of order. They found

 
  

DRUGGIST

   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
     

 

 

longing to Wm: Scott, Puce, which is jj

have done some damage to their nets}

deserves all the reward he gets for}|

   
        
         
  
 
 
  
   
    
   
     
    
      
  
     
    
  

The marrfage was solemnized at St. |,

 

  
  
   
     

   
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
      
   
   
      
  
   
  

 

Pickling Necessities---

We have the viet oe sizes of pickle corks you
need. Tumeric Powder, Paprika, Whole Ginger
Root, Celery Seed, White Mustard Seed and ~
any kind of Whole or Ground: Spices in fine ~

White Wax in Cakes, : -

 

E..F. DARBY. HARROW, |
OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC

 

Our own special blend.Coffee is the best
Thisty-five cent Coffe: in Canada.. It’s
freshness and superiir flavor is maine _
tained continuously as « result of particu-—
lar attention given it. Wedo not permit
it becoming stale as it is bought frequent:
“ly direct from: the oven and ground daily 3
“by us. Se
If you are not using it you nre missing a\ Ccfiee Treat. :
YOURS FOR GOOD COFFEE i tad

Ser aa eli: ee F. H.- FERRIS
ADD VALUE 10 YOUR HOME,

Lay Hardwood Floors in Your Living Room,

Dining Room and Bed Roogiak

Spend a few dollars doing this’ and
you will add at least $500 a tho: value., :
of the housé. ¥

 

Come and Inspect our Samples.
i»

HAR ee

 

*

G. F. SMITH,

 

 

Everybody that Appreciates. Good Furniture Will:
__—_-Firid Much to Admire Here— -S
~ 8 Especially Just Now: er

We've added to our stock quite a num ber of new arti-
cles. Putin a dot of New Rockers, ‘Some Dining Room
and some Bedroom Furniture, some® particularly fine —
Library Tables and other things—so now our invitation to ~
see them is out and it ‘includes you. z

Our stock of 4-yard wide Linoleums inellides the best ;
peer to.be had, Call and see them.

  
  
 
   

    
   

    
  
   

%

   

 

 

- Victroas ‘and 1 Records Always, in Stock
Here are Some Special’ Prices i

    
    

on Victrolas.

I—Victrola $21.00, and Cabinet
and 10 double faced records,
for OMIY «20+. seceeeseceeees

$38. 50
"ear $5000

I—Victrola $60, Cabinet and
10 records for..-...-+-+<94+-

Motoriste—When im. Amheratburg
store your cars at ¢he Central Gar-
age, Richmond Stréef, next the Meth-

odist chuich. Gasoline, ofls and ac-

cessories. ~ Harry Kemp, Phone 9.

Charles Kemp's old livery stand. ~

Mr. and Mra, Ellis B of Wind-

.. |sor spent labt week with his parents,

* (Mr. and Mrs. B, Jy Bratt. Mise Edna

returned home” with” thom and is

spending @ Coliple of weeks with them
and other relatives in Win

  
 
    
      
   
 
  
 
  
   
 
 

spending month at her home.
Mrs,.Roscoe. Tofflemire spent Sun-

day with her sister, Mrs. Adrian Ford. | b
Verne ‘Levergood and Fred. Pigeon

spent Inst week | at Alfred Mills, Wind-

‘sor.

-Miss Edith Bvans, of Leamington;

1s visiting with relatives in the vi-

cinl
Mies Kingsville,

that a great deal of the trouble
due to insulation glasses being broken
y boys. In one case, a boy Was’ seen | »
o ¢limb a pole and deliberately break i i
one. ‘This {s a serious offence, and |-« bak
action will be “taken to bring mis-
chievous boys to justice who persist in
this kind of thing,

It ts distressing news to this
week that Miss Olive Hi seri-
‘ously {11 at Wellesley Hospital, Toron-
‘to. Mrs. Herring and daughter spent

   
   

crowded for space space we are offering the following

ices tnat gives you au opportunity to
seek Oe needed supplies. at i

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
*.. SHOES UNDERWEAR -

Men's Summer Underwear, 60c,. ae

On account of being

 
 
  
  
  
 
   

 
 
 
  
 
 

 
  

Miss Boulsh Wigle, of
fs the guest*of Miss Rosie Ford, this
wook. —

»

 
  

 
 
   
   
  
  
  
    

  
  
  
  
   

   
  
   
 
    
 
  
   
   
     
 
 
    
    

  
  
 

   
 
   
   

 
  
   

  

  

4 ummer Underwear, 65c.. ais
J Women's Shoes were $3.25, now ra La TIAL Union Sulte, $1.00 850: ary day ine a tho annual nls nlon- lt and Mrs, Con, “maylor, a of Mata: the attr part 5 tho 8 Or ii Mus. | .
ae: >. Womenr ne were Ha now 00) Men's Soe Cnderwier, $1.25. $1 !nov. J. A. Rutherford, B. A., Of Gold-|Patr day. [Elimate would S>prove-bededisiel te Our prices are right, our overhéad expenses are
Baar Shc aa tern, Lents on su andes |e Me Ht meh cca auny Oe, Mahe, uaten wotwe| ight, hence we can quote lower prices than you can
5 Women's Cushion ole Shin*, 400] Men's Heavy Wool Ripbed Tater the mimlonary, work of the rime aely an returned nome (tana tte hospital above mention _suswbere inthe County,
$4.60, $8.00, OW. -- 10, 62.60 beat Food ; ste | Cerne tare xe
Misses’ Shoos, emt a a yaw Netural Wee ever 7 ested Pal Se Miter ‘Visiting hor alster, pew, a tia who apreerine with the Army
Mage’ Sons, $27 " 0 how. ;..480| Women's Summer Tnderwoar, 25 Per loa af hile og, | Patten, Medicine ed eee reer rane, Jha: sheen
en's - i , 438 cent. off. © ——— ra
‘a Fine Shoes, $4.76, now
Men's Shoes, $4.95, now.. 385
Men's Hea’ Shoes, 1b, HOW. « 435
Men's Heavy Shoes, $4.90, now-.
* rens’ Heavy: Shoos,

dren's Heavy Shoes,
OS ee eer se ee

is composed of

clean, whole

oung

y
_ leaves. Picked right, blended right and
packed right. It brings the fragrance
of an Eastern garden to your table.

BLACK, MI=ZHD OF GRAN

THe EcHo
Publishea by

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont.
J. A. AULD A.W. MARSH,

PRESIDEST, Sxc'v-TREAS

Friday, October 19, 1917.

 

The chief press censor of Canada
sends a warning to Canadian editors
as to how they comment upon the
operation of the Military Service Act F
Some weekly, newspaper_editor in the)
west has got himself in hot water Yor
criticism. The warning is that pub-
lications containing any such objec-
tionable matter will be prosecuted, and
through the Canadian Press Limited
the papers are asked to pass the warn-|

ing on

The appointment of W. F. O'Connor, '
K.C,, a8 Coneral Returning Officer for
the Dominion elections, has been re-
commended to the Cabinet Council, |
and the appointment will undoubted: |
ly be confirmed. Mr. O'Connor will re-
celye the returns from both Canada
and overseas, which, addéd together,
will decide the Fesult7in each con-
stituency, The overseas vote taken in
France will be counted at the office off
the High Commissioner by properly }
constituted authorities, _ The results
will then be cabled to the General Re-
turning officer, who will announce the
final resnpits. In all constituencies
where the result of the home voting
{s reasonably close, the election will |
be in doubt .until the cabled, returns
are received.

The reorganized Cafadjan Govern,
ment plans to have Canada directly
represented at Washington, and has
chosen Hon. J. D, Hazen, former Min-
ister of Naval Service and Marine
and Fisheries for the post. At pres:
ent the British Ambassador handles
Canada's diplomatic business. For-
merly communications between Wash-
ington and Ottawa had to go via Lon-
don. Recently the channel of com-
munication has been made. more
direct, but IB*still through the Brit-
ish embassy. Affairs between- Canada
and the United Stz*cs have so in-
creased in number and importance
since the war began, and égpecially
since the United States entered, that
it is no wproposed to carry out the
long discussed plan of naming a Can-
adian commissioner for Washington-
Mr. Hazen will be associated with the
British ambassador, but yyill have con-
siderable opportunity*for independent
initiative.

INSTANTEY KILLED
BY TOUCHING CAT IN
“Live? WIRE FENCE

Mrs. H. L. Williams Meets Death In
Peculiar Accident at
Leamington.

Mrs. Williams, wifeof H. L. Wil-
liams, a prominent fruit farmer living
on the 1st concession of Mersea town-
sibp,, was instantly killed shortly be-

~ fore noon on Saturday: She had been

jn to Leamington with her husband,
-and when in front of her home on re-
turning ‘saw her pet cat lying dead
in the wire fence. She went to get

{t:and on touching the cat fell over}

doad. :
Investigation showed that the high
wind had blown down one of the wires
of thé Edison Electric Power Com-
pany. It!lay across the fence, and as
soon os Mrs. Williams touched the cat
several thousand volts pased through
her.

Her husband while trying to remove
his wife from where she had fallen re-
celved such a powerful shock that he
was knocked down. Experts say that
his escape from instant death was
miraculous.

Mrs. Williams was 34 years old, and
besides her husband is survived by
one son, Peter, and one ™ daughter,
Gertie. James Milne, of Chicago, is
a brother. The funeral was held on
Monday afternoon. An inquest will
be held.

Mrs. Williams was @ former resi-
dent of St. Thomas, where her hus-
“pand= was, employed as a Michigan
Coiitral engineer.-

I Se

WILL NOT BE CALLED ON
: =FOR MILITARY DUTY

For the information of the public,
the Military Service Council points
out that {n a Idition fo the grounds for
exemption specified in\the Military
Service Act, 1917, the War Times
Election Act provides that the follow-
ing persons who are disqualified from
voting; and such of their sons as are
on polling day, under legal age, shall
be held exempt from combatant mil-
tary.and naval service, namely:

(1)—Every naturalized British sub-
ject who Was born in an enemy coun-

and naturalized subsequent to

try
- the first day of March, 1902:

(2)—Every naturalized British sub-
ject who was born in any European
‘country, (whether or not the sovereign

2 rnment thereof is in: alliance

His’ Majesty in the present war)

pao. matural tongue, otherwise de-

* ‘mother tongue’ ts the
of an enemy country and
age to

‘were at E. J. Wigle's last week look-

KINGSVILLE.

Cyril Forester, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Fred. Forester, has enlisted in the
navy. He left two weeks ago for
Halifax, N. S.

Miss Nina Bennett left last week
for Rochester and Millington, Mich.,
where she will visit with relatives for
several weeks.

Mr. and Mrs, R. T. Williams, of
Toronto, arrived here last week and
will stay here for the winter with |
their sister-in-law, Mrs. J. .H. Smart.

Messrs. McCutcheon and Appleford,
of Calgary, who are starting a large
Holstein cattlé ranch mear that place,

ing over some Percherons which they
intend adding to thelr ranch.

Mr. and Mrs, William Beord, of
Ludington, Mich., announces the en-

LEE Ne eS ae eS nS Se eee eS

| gagément of their only daughter, Car-}

oline Alberta, to Earl Anderson, eld-|
est sén of Mr.-and Mrs. Charles An- |
derson, of Kingsville, the wedding to
take place at an early date.
Gladstone Lancaster, Essex High

} school student, who during summer

holidays was clerking in T. J. Sal-
moni’s grocery store, recently resign: |
ed and left for Toronto, where he is
attending the schoo) of medicine, in-;
tending to follow the profession of his
grandfather and several uncles.

Mrs. J. A. Hagerman. who with two
children, had been visiting at the |
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs

A. Quick, for four months, left this
week for her -home at Unity, Sask. |
She will be met at Winnipeg by her
husband. Mr. and. Mrs. Quick accom-
panied them as far as Toronto.

Mrs. Henry Fox received a-letter
last week fro mher son, Stanley, who
fs_at thé front. He had been in the!
hospital ‘In England for some time
but had sufficiently recovered to go
batk to France. He says he is feel-
ing fine once more and Is getting anx-
jous for # little excitement again in
the trenches

Dr. BE. R. Harris, of Detroit, son of
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Harris,.of this
town, was called in the U.S. draft,
and made a flying trip-t6 Kingsville
this week to see his parents and fam-
ily before leaving for Fort Oglethorpe,
Ga., where, he is now stationed In the
Medical Offi * training’ camp,- Co:
2, U. S. Army, as Heufencnt.

The marriage’of Miss Theresa Pot-
ter and John Bailey, both of Kings-
ville, took place on Saturday after-
noon in the parsonage of the Bruce
avenue Baptist church, Windsor. Rev,
W. A. Ashmore, pastor of the church,
performed the ceremony. There were
no attendants. Mr, and Mrs. Bajley
will reside in Kingsville.

Pte. Harry Gibbons, who went over-
seas with the 99th Batalion, has been
invalided honte and arrived here on
Monday. He was met at the W., E.
& L. S. station by several hutomo-
biles decorated with flags and stream-
ers, to welcome one who had “done
his bit” for his country. A parade
followed through the majh streets be-
fore being taken to his home. Pte.
Gibbons was in the trenches for some
time and his injuries were received
by being buried under earth; thrown
up by a shell explosion.. He was fn
the hospital for séveral montis. It
will be ‘considerable time before he
js fully recovered, ~

The annual Thankoffernig of ‘the
Baptist Mission Circle was ‘held in
the church last Wednesday evening.
There was a large attendance, The
president, Mrs. Ernesb Wigle, occu-
pied the chair and led the meeting
through im. a very pleasing manner.
reading the 12th chapter of Romana,
showing that godly condtct Is the fruit
ofa Godly mature, The Rey. J. W.,
Hiseyded in prayer, after which Miss
Ritchie, ‘the treasurer, gave the finan- |
cial statement, showing that $143.98;
had been raised during the year, and
of that amount $140.11 had been sent
to missions. Three quilts were sent
out to the «hospital in Akidu, India.
Severa] new members have been add-
ed during the year. The Rev. S, Ev
Burrill, of Leamington, gave an excel-
lent address, basing his thoughts on
the touch of Jesus, which was highly
appreciated. - Little -Miss. Elsie Tag-
gart’ gave a5 a recitation the “Mis-
sionary Hen,” while’ five little girls
from the Mission Band sang very |
sweetly “If Jesus Goes With Me,” ac-
companied by Miss Agnes Shepley on
the organ. Culver Fitch gave a birth-
day recitation in tis usual pleasing
manner, and A. Skelding rendered ‘2
very suitable solo, The offering am-
ounted to~$24. Refreshments were
served at the close of the meeting.

* NATIONAL-FISH DAY.

On Tuesday, the Thirtieth of Present
Month.

Tuesday, October 30th, has been
selected at national fish day in Can-
ada. It ig hoped to establish Tues-
day as 2 regular fish day, thus separ-
ating fish from Friday, to which it
has been go long attached.

ares oe

F. C, Dumber, of Kitchener, was in-
stantly killed by his automobile over
turning in a ditch when he took one
hand from the’ steering wheel to take
a bunch of grapes out of a basket he

had just bought at Clarkson.

Pears

4 For clear, white | *
delicately flavored

a

fentosfonfocfonfosfonfonfeofenfecfenfontacfontncfeotentontontocseotacfoofenfoofondoefensorserfondectende enteet elee er erdeshendeforke

‘A Sweater

The

eee SSS Se eee

into one store in Western

the new season.

Overcoats
$10 to

of GOOD Overcoats. From

is here at prices, considering

Just Arrived

50c-75c
$1 and $1.50

The bright flash of color

{In-hands of rich silk {n a weal

great ulster and refined fur-

appeal to men who desire to economize.

New
‘NECKWEAR

sired effect to your outfit. Four-
sired effect to your outfiet. Four-

of newand-correct color effects.
—Left Aisle.

Splendidly made all wool Sweater
Coats with deep pockets and great col-
lars in choice of the most

acta

desired colors at

hese Worm com

Wool ahead of anything we have ever had
before. Likeable colors and expert

workmanship put : $5 |

Satisfactory Clothes for ‘Dad and His Lad”

?lothes You want for |

As the season changes men’s thoughts turn to new wearables, and this

season we are amply prepared to take care of men’s wants by display-

ing the largest gathering of worthy garments that ever before came

Here you will find styles that are

correct, weaves that came from the looms of the best clothing makers

in the country, and the colors and patterns are the most desirable of
'

Ontario.

The Best Makers of High Grade Overcoats
in the Country Produced These
Showings of

Superfine

for Men
$75

Every individual taste, no matter how exacting,
has been. given thought in this wonderful display

the “Trencher” to the
lined coat, every kind
thelr quality, that will

style and wear. th
forced to follow.
ahead, choose one

—Center Aisle.

 

SHIRTS
$1---$1.25--$1.50--$2

We bought them from the |
best shirt producers in tne land |
and we know we got the best
ones, because we saw the san-
ples first and took ourvchoice,
Soft and stiff cuf’styles in the
best looking colors you ever
saw.

UNDERWEAR

in | It’s high time you got into
heavy weights and you'll, not
maké a mniistake in coming to
the big..store to select them.
* All kinds, all styles, good union

per sult aa. ciesy $1.00

th

 

 

4

They begin at

Foefeefortonfontonioeds {--Je

_ WINDSOR.

Onesime Renaud was’ ordered by.
Magistrate Leggatt in» police court
Tuesday to pay $8 a week towards
the support of his wife and child,
and $11.90rcosts.
of Leamington, for driving past a
stationary. street car discharging
passengers, was fined $5.

Following a ral@ made Sunday by
License Inspector Stone and Provin-
cial Officers Smith and Hanna on the
standard hotel premises kept’ by
Isanc Gurin at Stoney, Point, Gurin
appeared in police court at Walker-
ville Defore Magistrate Miers Tues-
day. He was charged with having
intoxicating Mquors for sale contrary
to the Ontario Temperance Act.

The marriage of Miss Ida Eve
Caswell and Walter Robert Savage
took place on Thursday evening. Rev.
W. A. Ashmore, pastor of Bruce Ave-
nue Baptist church, officiated. The
bride was given in marriage by her
father, Robert Caswell: There were
no attendants, A wedding suppér was,
served in the home of ‘the bride's par-
ents, 121 Church avenue, Mrs. Alfred
Wood and Mrs. Albert Phillips assist-
ed {n serving Mr. and Mrs. Savage
will be at home after November 15th
at 459 Dovgall. avenue. Among the
many gifts were two substantial
checks and in gold presented by
the groom’s es8 associates at the
Ford Motor Company. -

Of 176. ad oA ra between the
ages of 21 wi Mon-
dny to postmaster Wigle

service, 174 out exem
lone eligible Me priberres
service to ap) }

tion tribunal was

clair, 21 old, a French
youth. it} Inte fn tha,
when Leclair shyly

master Wi | offic
the firet. di

Military
nota

Novelty Suits & Youngsters

The little fellow will be delighted with thése de:
lightful Novelty Sufts ,and Mothers will be delighted

with the lownéss of thé prices.

Henry Whitesell, |-

THE BRITISH ARMORED CARS DURING THE RETREAT
Our pholg shows Squadron Commander Smiles, who is xe 2 ae

officers’ St. @ 0 Crops. With him aresthe,

Cahndian replied. “Welly ’a your | appointed
name?” Wigle queried, ..“Albert Na- at
poleon Léclair,” was the . There

was more than a

$5

These two imported hats:that make their head-
quarters at this great store are setting the pace in

af other lesser known hats are
Be sure you're right, then go
of these,

—At the Front of the Store.

50c, 75c, $1.00

We've sold more caps “thus
far this season than ever before
at any other time ofethe year,
and no wonder, they’re such
good ones, and the prices are
so little. * We have them ‘in

lively patterned Scotch Tweeds
to fit every head.

Sweaters

We'rey unpacking new ones }

every day, and because we had
forethought’ and bought them
long months ago, wé gare able
to underprice. Big, ‘comfort-
able gurments in likeable styles
and attractive colorings.
Prices as low as....,2.

 

$3.

 

Windsor’s Greatest Clothier

a

crewsot his cars,

Pin ws\of aby

em oa and the Cyclists Platoon.

E BIg PROFITS.

¥. BOUG

E RUSSIAN FRONT IN GALICIA
nly fighting Britisher to receive the

Besides quantity and quality of the garments you'll find close attention
has been paid to the variety of the apparel.
choose the extreme models just as easily as the older man can select
the more conservative in style, and likewise the young chap, can “pick
out” just the sort of suit or overcoat: or cap or other items of apparel
that. will instantly please him in every way. = ws

Here the young man can .-‘

The Most Dependable Suits That A Man
Ever Looked At—You’ll Say So
Too When You See These’

Reliable me

SUITS for MEN :
$8.50 to $30

When a man selects a new suit these are the
things that he looks at first—material, style, color,
fitcand price. “These five essential points loom up
big in thig showing of the highest graile ready-to-
wear suits that ever entered Windsor. The large
display saves time in selection.

—Centre Aisle.

Sturdy Suits & Sfaunch
Overcoats. for Boys
Suits $4.50 to $12. O'coats $5 to $15

When we bought this great:.showing of
wéarables for the boys, we well remember--
ed that the boys of to-day will be our men
customers On a few years and therefore
we went the»limit in getting the best: that”
eash would bring us. d

SUITS AND OVERCOATS of the most de-
pendable character in weave, workmanship
and line, and we have what we sought—the
best_ garments under the sun for the money.

—Center Aisle.

|
|

;
4
¥

y

POLITICAL NOTES. -

Sir Wilfrid Laurier has arranged to
hold two conferences with the Liberal
Candidates in Ontario and the repre-?
sentatives-of the county Liberal. Agso-
ciations. The first will be held in Ot
tawa.on Friday, to be attended dy
candidates and representatives of the
counties east of Kingston. The West- -

ern Ontario conference will be held
the following week.

The Globe’s Ottawa correspondent

| quotes Laurier ‘as saying: “Just tell.

the people that my attitude fs the.
same as that of the British soldiers ~

at Mons. Their cheery cry wag thil:

“Are we downhearted? No!!” pie)

Hon. J. L. Perron, meniber of the.
Legislative Council, and one. of :
stropgest Liberals in the Pro’ 4
Quebec, gave- unqualified dental” ,
Standard that he and Dr. Beland; ef

and Dr. B x oe
M.P., now's prisonér: of wa tn ee
| many. were patrons of a new ¢on-
scriptionist Liberal party in the
vince of Quebec; which would pls
pro-conscription: «candidates cin

a)
~

 
    
  
 

For Complete Stoch—Fair Prices and Good Servite:
WHY BUY ELSEWHERE
W. R. BOYCE & CO.

 
   
  
   

 
 
    
  

  
   

 
  
    
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
    
    
     

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  
 

      
  
   
 
 
 

    
    
 
 

        
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
    

   

 

    
  
  
  
  

 

          
    

 
    

    
   
  
   
  
 
 

  

   
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
  

     
        
    
  

   
   

 
        
   
     
    
   
   
   
  
  

 

  
  
  

   
    
  
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

      
     
    
 

      
  
    
  
   
   
   
    
 
   
  

     
  
  
     

       
   
    
  
  
  
 
 
    

  
  
  

 

S; eo / - eo
‘ (J
AN e cf{y) AN fs
“ BYE BGuOr Popes snd swc sao oh on a etineles ono EPG es 700 00 900 00 H. Courtney See ee a ae Anderdon Council.
Amherstburg Assessment. Mrs. Dondauc sy they coco sa. Seen e Jia» 68500 700-00]. Thistle Lote s/t ates mcs ge seo, eee sce nen ‘. 600 00 : rp
Gordon Devean® 2. 05.2... tats coe bes »»». 1076 00 1200 001.7. H. Wilson (Wigle). .. 2c... seks. ape eo dotngg - 770.00 3950:00 Saturday, October 13th. m
Boosted Quarter Miliion—River Front Properties Bear the Brunt of the At-| Edward Barron ....../.......-<++sesseeerts see's 950 00 1240.00] J. H. Wilson, (Delmore)........ 0.4 0s eevee eee . 1130 00 1350 00] Council met in special session with
tack—Some Oultstanding Comparisons Published. Daye MRE Gt ne “7000 800 ool w, Ae Wanless (8. Tayion 2S “150860” 2178 00 |" Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by
See eee ee 7° AS " y) RAtIR Cer: s ec, »
A a filed the Mt with the T. Jerk |.R- Lalonge 3..-.,....: Pe Pe erneervecrcceees ic 760 00 870 00) WOW. Trimble .3.....-i..0-+. a -. > 2240 00 2700 00| Mr. Gharette,. that the Denike» Drug
and Seniore has | Pain radio! niabitn the toten aaseaded value’ of the ens Dr, O, Teeteras ...-- sess enreeveserserganas -- 2667 00 4100 00} Mise Carrie “Park (brick)........ -. 2100 00 2700 00 Co. get a warrant for $16, for disin-
over last year, there: |{g a, good deal of comment, particularly as the bulk of the George Salmon! (Campeau)*...,,.....5...... . 600. 00 600 00:13, G. Mullen,.......... exe, >». . 3020 00 $400 00}fectants furnished; Walter J. Delisle,»
Increase js put on the river front properties. Below is published the sum- W. Scott (Hunt corner).....-...-se0rsseeeres +. 1760 00 1580: 00) Dra) GasParkks (prop. ) oe; os chs. Pheu. eo oda ae saya sae 2620 00 2800-00 | $600, for loan under the Tilo Drain:
mary of tho roll ani a list of the principal properties which are affected Be Ue Bane Le AS Toor =f eat a feug My sei eee ay ea Sane te seater ahs an hn “ eae Appi Chet eis eases
tom zs : 55 SIREN Clee 1c) a ndsor Fefry t 222 er, le ‘
together with tho aiisessments of 1916 and eae eyo. souparisgt Youapli” Reaumie; -) 4. Fag. jasc esha es ses ode ‘2 65000 750 00) John Froser .... 4936°00 “7300 00|for selevting jurors; Noo bernire, (=~
Total Assessmen -. wardig, (2: Carr (Campeanu). 2 — 375 00 425 00] Alfred Wood ... .) 324000 6800 00/ $5.50, for scraping on North Side :
Ward 1. ard 2, ard’s. | James Campeau . 425 00 416 00) L, Goodchild ... 00.2. .cess we seceeeeee . 1766 00 3100 00| Line; Hector Bezaire, $2, filline hole
sf «Actual value— a 7% og. 132 | James Campeau .-....... .. 1160 00 1080 00) A. Pulford ..2... “7 “aoe: Ooo dicare: 1250 00 1800 00|on road; Alex. Meloche, $8, 7
oJ HyeeT, ROUSE SS S-> See som Fe eae ia | H:2 Matthews: (Campeau)..«. »» 760 00 80° 00 [tote Bermiarid;<.W Acce. faces. osonccosen sees 605 00 1800 00| bridge on 2nd con.; Albert Huneau,  .
* Value of buildings.. ae AOE ND, 04, 480 | Gam Davidson. (T. W. Crowe)..... Nea iach ietbatay uae 2400 00 2260 00] G. Wigle (Wm. Taylor)......c.40c.e0-ceeeeneeceenees + 505 00 1300 00 | $10; hauling planke and building tem- ~
Taxablo land ..... re 424,665" ~ 84,773 mee E..S. Ramsay, South— Roy Wigle .....-0.++: ae Ren S ore et eee 1900 00 ° 3500 00| porary bridges.—Carried. :
Land liable for schoo seeaees 3,700 ane G " Thomas Kemp .....: (ERS BE HEAR ORIEN pe he ECE ES 800°00 116th 00) Wiglay Milly.einse coh ase cis snes Pere, cee 6440 00 $400 00| « Moved by Mr, Charette, seconded by -
Total exemptions ..------........ +. 788,630 110,050 70,760,)'5, Ro Taylor cz. . otha ; -. 91330 00 1600 00 . ; Mr. Drouiilard, that Philip Bondy’s
Business assessment ..-......., 62,152 6,085 14,320-| ea. Munn (Campeanu). 1550 00 1700 00 Zl Bathing Street— Ae Peatag tonder for tho arene of tans er
ase Ee as a nee ee >= | Billion King va. Fase A: 680. 00 800 00.] George Horsloy .20.3. 0. fee eee eee ep evens serene snne be villé drain, for -accopted, .
Total... +-00 01, ten eh ee $ 486,823 = $ = 180,408 = $505,285 | Mrs, Girardin ........chencedesccuetecbaeesentereees 880 00 1000 00] J. W. Gibb..... nebeAR i, ce ec “52 2200.00 3600 00 | being the only tender received.—Car-
ia Grand Total Assesmneny 71; $1,072, rer? Ns x River Front eauthoe W. F. Gurtis (bakery)........ . 1071 00. 1500 00 | ried.
tI St aN ; 1017 ee, | Mra J. G. Patterson’. .:.3.0.-chccgs Pe wage eon dhee« 1086-60. 1500 oo | W- F. Curtle (dwelling). ....... 117190... 2600'00.) "Moved by *Mr.. Pepsts, poconded by,
ety at Pe ae ‘ 191 1 Clarlea Hackett 2360 00 3175 00 |G: Droulllard: (F. H. A. Davis)... +++ 780 00) 1100 00/ Mr. Drouillard, that a grant of, $200
a gel Nyteam 5 : 3852 00 $8000 00 | Charles Hackett . 1044 00 1450 00|J. W. Gibb (O'Madden)..7...... ee Sz TiO 1200 00/ be made to the-British Red Cross So-
W. Le ae was arn aa 09 | Hackett, Wrecking ie) 200°00 300 00| Mrs. Hamilton: -22%0 GY. cog oka = 5 sire es cane ova a Yo 1013 00 1800 00 cloty. —Carried.
fs & nF ae sea oreo aae0 09 | Charles ‘Hackett, 7500 = 126 00} Mrs. F. P. Smith...... dee eseepceteescecnencereranees 920 00 1150 00)" Council went into committes of the 3
D. a hee * 4310 00 7500 09 | Robert Stage . os 1724 00 2200 00) Miss Teressa Smith......-..... wg Wott s np see bee 1740 00 1950 00| whole for the setond reading of by- —*
Mrs. OPK pelee careers = S105. 00 3200 09 | Mra Horeman”,..2....:-cheaeens ob Bae "9136 00 2500 00) 4. M. Brown..-....-... aps ane Yt Pete Oe IA REE 465 00 650 00| law granting permission to the Brun-
Denis, Serron . ee 7500 90 ay Vac; 5 Aik eae Rie ea SS, "9680 00 3250 00 | Albert Brown ........ ssc .ees- REA et. NAO 1145 00 1250 00} ner, Mond Canada, Limited, to erect
VG? ARIES 008 =e ee, Fai0a 3700 00 ad a Barron). Bae Pe UBL Ta = ave Wee: Hi) He abot uA polen po fate on the front a
ais 4 , S5REO0 880 00 Hackett Wrecking Co.: oe 1000 00 1000 00 | DF. Ti gece cece even verre rssceneessaeseoens ¢ 3 00 the brine well, Mr. Charette In the
Dan. Smith .........-+++3 cp 4 Spray iavidhBatloyiins St. iscnyayeccdade. “** 4160 00 5950 00 Spoken (J. MANON) 05s fue sion oes sca selec se vere e 2550 00 060 00) chair. By-Inw read a second time. in
John Rowe ... tee eenee Margaret Bray ..........+...02s.000, me 3160 00 4200 90 | Mra. Sarah Smjth..... prctn. Ws Nery d abirse 1300 00 1650 00/ Council resumed for third reading. ‘
William Pizer 150. 00. -# .400.00 1 ud “(Pati Hstate)....-....sscnscec cee ” 4906 00 7900 00) Mrs. Sarah Smith eDromsiiardy é -.- 60000 -, 55000] Moved by Mr. Rocheleau, seconded ES
Duff & Gatfield 150 00 400 00 |." McBride......... i a ae cae oR i 6150 00|G- D. Pettypieco 1350 00 1760 00| by Mr. Charette, that by-law bo read
Mra. Campbell Mee Oe ates: Lon Gu | COMME WIRIMER Aes hiarws foun sete erty var sees v1 2600.00 3860, 00/A- Gibb ........ $00 00 3000 |e -thinds ne Cale Rae Bee
John West (Pottypiec td. “5 .  Dathousle Street South— E. Mero (Heaton) . ‘ 700 00 800 00 ‘read a‘third time and passed.
Laird Avenue— ee 3200 00,|Mr@. Mary Woods. : 400 00 1550 09 | GUS CousinG -.. 5-6 spec ree nsec eect er eees ve 800 00 920 00) Meeting adjournai.
M. Barrett oD ee pee ice s60 op Edward Woods . eee 2500 00 3000 00| Willtam Gott ......-.6..5+.--, ++» 900 00 1060 00 Sai ie OE
Frank Bailey a Sy) ties a2. = een £00 Ol Woods & Ouelletic x JY So RAI 4200 00 | Alex. Anderson ........ fee rng see 925 00 1170 00 AFTER MRS GRA
amie rt al aes 5 ee Oe ee og | Wisin MENMBINN vce Saas SaaS an 20 sacs ree ga00 00 3650 00 | George Girardin ...-. cs asec it ag
Green & Suunders (6. 8. Huthorford) + $439 00 G40 00 | Goa vce cere rec cciciggiees occ e igen, 2800 086400 00] SF8, Jamon: Alia... . SULIT 876,005 1200 00], The widow ot a prominent 8
KF. M. Falls , <>. Ree eros te~ cy, Nee cote Wm. Shewfelt. (Mise Cunningtiam) 3 ~ “g00 00 1250 00| 7: J: Harris...,.........06.e.eee at ++ 1890 00 2100 00 Teomay lores Pte ee aur
Alma Strect— idixres 1770 00 | Miss Cunningham 900.00 1260 60 | Thomas Ward FP eh! «+ 1100 00 1600 00 | prised Tecelve or mallono =
R. Fortlor ....--5--ee+- ss John, Taylor .. 1100 00 1760 0, Dloamor Gott. 26.66 s ese ee eee sheer ee ee se. 600 00 1000 00,) morning recently an anonynious Lerg #
R. Fortlor y..se-scere ree: : 7156 00 . 1040 00 4000 00- 6600 09 | Mirs..James Campéau (Chapman) bi 800 00 1400 00 |'ter with e cheque for a large amount
oi Shortill Batato ..,........-. 597 00 900 00| from “A. Grateful Patient,” "rho do

  
   

tor has been sous foe somo abe nie %

   
 

‘Il 900 00 _ 1800 00

   

ich Stress “ °
Le oll lata AES ' 2200°00 Mis. Keri

vere. 1200-00 > _ 2160 00 :
2200 WO | ite CoRgiei(G. Jouse) tee nO SN] W. Gitte (Delisle) 554. 28

  
   
  
  
 
 
  

 

  
 
 
  
 

 

a ae 1050 00 OBO 1125 00 W. 8: King 8troet— ,
= Begs mati ge ) 900. 00 Nichols ine : Bred. Monge (Crimmins) .. Prices ocepie: 880 00 :
0, Yeatees dm ; 1079000 . Vaseng upsthits .........2 GeoresaMonedis cc). nae ae 130.00
, Johnson 4080-00 a Booenen L, Pillon 3...... . 7 1150 00

4700-00),
7200-00 Hou

$3

a
oo
Ss

sj

S333

BEg823

-—
oa

Sa2255
oSace
233sss
sesssssssses

22 seresegyazs
BS 33:

apstt:
S3Sssse

3

BES
    

What About Your Fall and Winter
Clothing Requirements?

This ia abigger and better cloth-
ing service to men and when you
see the concrete evidence of this
statement in all these new Fall and
Winter requirements you will agree
that we are right. Wo expect you
to pay us a visit, we are counting
upon it, for this personal invitation
ig intended for you.

MEN'S BLUE SERGE SUITS
$12.50, $15.00, $18.00, $20.00, $22.00

MEN’S GREY AND BROWN SUITS
$9.50, $12.50, $14.00, $16.00, $20.00
MEN'S TWEED OVERCOATS
$10, $12, $15, $16, $18, $20, $22
MEN'S BLACK MELTON
$10.00, $12.00, $15.00
MEN'S BEAVER CLOTH OVER-

 

the Necessity of
' ?
a Warm Sweat’r
and here we have a
display of the best
makes, newest weaves
and patterns, with col-

Jars and plain V neck
styles,

PURE WOOL

 
     
           
 
  
  
    

   
 
 
   

 

    
 
   
 

hots
The New Fall Hats & Caps Have Arrived.

The man who buys his hats at Berube's finds exactly what
he wants—smart in style and easy on the head. Nothing so
satisfving ton man asa real smart hat--one that feels right,

rath adhd andl gst Handsome Shoes
Choicest American fond Canadian makes; Perfect fitting,

Other Splendid The ‘Fellowcraft Hat” for Quality
er oplendi : eS perfect workmanshi| and good value, ‘This is the store f
wean Son 200, Makes $1.50, 3.50 Price, $2, $2.25, $2.75 $3 &$5 | Bvshcirpnrigheafit St w te alt Wome

PHONE 1 EB. BERUBE. _ PHONE 14

 
 

 
  

 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 

See.

 
  
  
 
  
   
    
 
 

       
  
   
   

   

 

 

 

 

  
   
     
     
  
 
 
     
    
    
 
    
  
     
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

        

 

 

—l , Liféb > Sunligh'
For the Two Meatless Days Each Week Wa Have | comtor rain: Suppeine ena ete:
ie Cy ins, 30. tin; Nl tins, 20 soaps, were 7 cents, now 6 cents, at.
tin, acdines 100, 182 2 for abe and 26¢ per tin. Golden Haddie, in tins | A#™ar’s,

at 25c per tin. Lobsters, in 35c tins. —Charles Vahey, of the M. C. -R.,

We always try to have on hand a good supply of strictly fresh eggs, ee a ME to jae ms
which are also a very good substitute for meat. - ated a eMcinteee oe Seomk m e:
IN GREEN VEGETABLES—We always have on hand a good supply of a oR y Sate ites se THORP Ss
Cabbages, Carrots, Onions, Beets, Tomatoes, Cucumbers and green Corn. of the Milltnry-Exemption Bonrd, Ams

IN ole ae a Mag ae le have Berrles,\.Oranges, Bananas or whatever heratburg, was called to~London yes-
fruit is seasonable, ‘ terday (Thursday) to receive

 

 

 

—Mrs. Dave Cottrell is visiting In} “Throw physic tothe dogs. I'll nono of it.” an Soe :
Buffalo. Shakexpeare did not have TANLAC fn mind y a y
‘ when he wrote that. TNLAC ix not a physic.

   

 

 

—Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Russell, of It ia a TONIC and System Purifier,

Walkerville, were guests at Dr. Park's

Deereaaey THOMAS’ DRUG STORE ‘The Most Beautiful Assortment of oe ew

=—Miss Jessie Duff has resumed her 3
Nippon China

=

duties in the Imperial Bank after a AMHERSTBURG
week's illness.

—Miss Junnita McFarland has ac-
cepted a position with the Western
Union Telegraph Co., Detroit, Mich. 18 78

 
  
  
  
 
 
    
   
  
  
    
     
     
    
    
 
  
  
     
  
  
    
  

1

Bic ae i ings- EVER DISPLAYED IN TOWN IS NOW OPENE:
OUR AIM IS TO PLEASE OUR CUSTOMERS AND GIVE SERVICE. dteictlons aastouht® duties eran es wo Beha ate ate Seas a Ae D FOR
J. H. LOVEGROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont} —The Rev. H. A. Wright was the|the Lambton County Victory War INSPECTION AT OUR STORE

special preacher at Harvest. Thanks-

 

   

 

 

66
Loan Commhittee. ‘ ae 93 ‘
BROGER Ss EECIALI ST. ES ep! el ae Christ’ church, ger Kolfage, son of J. G. Kol- A N L A Cc SL)
= as cpa eo eee x ~ | Chatham, on Sunday last. S, A. Brett, | tage, h to .C Custer, Battle Handsdme Bon B J
TOWN aND COUNTY. —Mrs. 8. McGee is improving nicoly.| of Chatham, took Mr. Wright's work | creck, to don Uncle Sam's uniform. — —_—— me bon. Bone at all prices, Cake and Bread. Plates, r

—Mis. A. M. Kevill'’s many friends} here that day.
will be pleased to learn that she is Dae Cay CAREY MCDA Y. SH ELING

 

Fred. McNab, chef on the tug Hard- . BIRTHS.

Salads and Berry Sets, Tea and Dinner Sets, Cups and Saucers,
Ing, also left for the same camp Tues-| coulter—in Wheatley, Wednesday, October a! F

Cheese and Biscuit Jars. We algo have a large assortment of new

 

—Mrs. Sergeant is here on an ex-'|

  
      

 

Sirs. Pas improving rapidly- at Hoteb Dieu: Do you not study music? Frances , 10th, 1917, the wife of Mr. Horace
tonded visit with er aunt, Mrs. | day. Walter Anderson has taken his loth, 1017, the wife of Mr.
—A. J. Burns, Town Clerk, who has|L, Florey resumed her piano, organ] piace on Coulter, of a datighter, , ”
um 3 2 1G, on th - 53 5 " ctobe 00 ae
xigeun’: and Mrs. Charles Gott and; béen on o delightful month's trip up| and theory class September 11th, By- , When the Waterloo town council cut eN Age the write orn Hurry Guohe led Berea) armae arom ue. to. 98 atl
children, of St. Thomas, are visiting | the eee oh een ory bar lea given beginners. Apply| hesitated to yote a $3,000 grant to the : ner, of a daughter, | we aibusineee
— ine B ~|at residence, . Jonnelly—. © parsonage, vinston,
his mother, Mrs. C. Gott. c 6. Red Cross Fund charges of pro-Ger- Monday, October 15th, 1917, the wife

 

—Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Kemp spenr | cultural Society will be held in the} Y Y Y Y°¥Y Y Y Y-Y Y¥ }manism were hurled at the dissenting Of Re

c f hy yy . , " V. E, Donnelly, of a daughter,
a few days with their daughter, Mrs,| Council chamber at 8 pjm. on Friday,/ —Come on this mysterious night if |imembers. | Harkness—At Winona, Thursday, October

 

_ Only Two More Weeks of the Wall Paper. Salt

or, Windsor, last week. November 2nd. you’ want to rend your future and]  —The 62nd annual convention of 4th, 1917, the wife of Mr. N. D.
ea ars SeuE orders with Brault for| Dr. E. EB. Blodgett, of Tacoma,}clear your indigestion; leave your|tha Ontario Sunday “School Associa- PRrenSns pones Gladys Ainslie, Com- heel : : \
ur winter suply of potnoes, which I| Wash.; Miss Estelle Blodgett, of Deé-| nerves home and come to Christ|tion assembles in First Presbyterian | Mason—In ‘Windsor, Thursday, October : 4
will sell as reasonable as possible. troit, Mich., and Jack Brett, of Essex,| church® Sunday school. room on Hal- church, Chatham, in October 28rd to sth, 1917, the wife of Mr. FOR. Mas- arlow & »
—Mr. and-Mrs. G. I¥..Stoneburner| were visitors for “a few days this] lowe'en night. » Admission 25 cents. 25th, with a fine array of talent in TEaneeee fe Rea a October 3.1,
and daughter Edith, and Miss Hattiaj Week at R. F. Lalonge's, ’ —Announcement, of a one-cent re-|speakers and singers. The nearness {5th, 1017, ~ the wife of Mr. Dillon Groceries and°Provisi Chi nd Wall P.
Reihns, of Ford “ity, Mich., motored | —Crown Attorney J. H. Rodd, of| duction in wholesale price of white] oj the ‘Burg to the place of meeting Morin (nee Amelia Deneau), of a son, TOVISIONS, ina: an a aper. -

Meloche—In Sandwich West, Sunday, Oc-
should draw good attandance. tober 44th, 1917, the wife of Mr.

—The members of Stevens Lodge, | William Meloche, of a daughter,
G. U. O. of O. F., Amherstburg, held, 0’Neil—In. Sandwich ‘South, Thursday, Oc-
a very successful ~ anniversary Wed-| tober (4ith, 1017, the wife of Mr.

Ernest O'Nel), of a son.
nesday: Eureka Commandery band, of pottor—in. Colchester, North, Wednesday,

Dotroit,,. twenty strong, arrived in the October 3rd, 10917, the wife of Mr.
afternoon and headed a street parade Prank Potter, of a daughter.

: AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO. i %
3S 4: 7

a it iatad he Dar- | Windsor, and Prosecutor Charles H.| bread, or from 12 to 11 cents a Joaf

slg arene SO gered Josnowski are working in conjunction] of 22 ounces, was made Wednesday

—Tho Holy Name Society to the in on investigation into, the death in] by Detroit baking companies. 4The

number of 75, marched in procession} Hotel Dieu, Windsor, of Miss Frances|‘new prices applying for the present

to St. John the Baptist church Sunday, | McMackan, 18 years old, of Rodney,| only to the large loaf, went into effect
where Father Ryan delivered them a|Qnt-,from an alleged illegal operation, | Thursday.

splendid sermon. for which on her, deathbed she named —Clnra Meyer, 11 years old, and

 

 

 

. Dr, Fritch, of Detroit. : Charles. Meyer, infant, daughter and |. vf = Phillips—in Detroit, Sunday, October-14th,
—William Lukes, of Detroit, spent yer, * which wis participated in by a large 7 the wife “ 5 = 0 Vv
Sunday in town. Returning, he took Mrs. F. J. Moloney, sr., became}son of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Meyer,| crowd, The band was very generous Err, ne eee a reel . THE STORE OF VALUES

so ill while going on the car to De-|122 Langlois ‘avenue, Windsor, died with a splendid -repertoire of music, | Pduette—In Colchester North, Tuesday,

 

with him his son Lee, who has been

 
  
 
    
   
   
 
 
  

 

   
   
  
   
 
 
 
    
    
   
  
   

 

 

suffered over two weeks ago with an|assured thing. All but one piece of
abscess on one of her fingers, An| property in the right of’way has
operation gaye but temporary relief,| been purchased, and during the past
and she was on her wey-for further] week the contract for grading was let
special treatment when sho‘suffered| to the Chick Contracting Co., of Wind-
the breakdown. : sor. Grading work will be started at
—The following Essex county sol-|once and» pushed through as expedl-
diers, who are-wounded or invalided,|tiously,as possible. +
have arrived home this week: H.G.|° —There are 15,000 tubercular: chil-
Hargreave, Walkerville; A: .A John-| dren in Belgium awaiting their turn to
ston, Leamington; J, Harry Rose, Es-|xet into a hospital, besides hundreds
sex. The daily papers also anndunce]of orphans and aged people’ who are
the return.to DreSden of H. I,.F.] homeless, $3.80 takes care of one of
Wiley, brother of Miss Madge Wiley,| these for one month; Will YOU help
former H. S. teacher, and grandson of] {in this couse by sending your mite to
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Whillans, now of|any member of the Home Study Club
Petrolia, > and {t ill be forwarded immediately to
—A social dance will be given in the

' Stevenson—tn G6 a N A SBN,
Adam Beck, chairman.of the Hydro-, October 2nd, 4917, the Wire ‘of MY
Electric Power Commission, on Tues-| , Alvin Stevenson, of a son.

day of the serious situation which so UL re ao eer Qetopen
present confronts the system. This {s| Sara fac Mio wife Of sr. Bacus
dug to thesheavy demands of the mn-! Se eae

Smizh urGl Stephen ts ou his -feet
agaln, 7
—Orders to Engineer, McCatfre7 to
shut off the drinking fountain.ia front
of the posteoffite, is the council’s way
of notifying the citizens of the town
i to get ready for. winter. This usually
*- js one of the last late fall moves.
Hibbs—I suppose you derived both
pleasure and profit trom the garden
you had this summer. Dibbs—Not ex-
actly; but it leaves me more content-
ed. It makes the cost of the vege-
tables in the market seea small by.
comparison.
—The dredge Brjan Boru has begun
torremove the west side Livingstone

, Mrs, (Capt.) John Ber-| ‘rolt, Saturday, that it was neeessary| Tuesday afterndp of diphtheria. An-| and’ their concert ‘in the Hadle 1 October Oth, the wife of Mr. Wallace ; +
aia Perr a oatae to remove her from the car at thejother child is 7 érioualy, fll of the}that evening ‘was well attended a Reid ae ee Suna October 71h HANDSOME HIGH GRADE ‘ vp
—Stephen Smith, who has been ji] Wellington, and take her’ from there/ same disease. There are a number of greatly enjoyed. ’ 1917, the wife of Mr, Milton Reid, of . 4
for three weeka, is.proyressing favor- | to Detroit by auto to the home of her/bother ‘cases,in the border city. Represéntatives of more than 2 staan ee ese rs ; ; e — : s
ably. His aunt, Mizs Sarah Petty. | daughter, Mrs. Darnell. She is fast] —The extension of the Essex Ter-lacore of municipalities in the Hydro | tay iy Meacham, Saturday, “October lll S all verc I
piece, of Forest, is lere assisting Mrs. regaining her strength. Mrs. Maloney| minal Railway to Amherstburg js an’ Blectric belt were informed by Sir} dail, of a daughter. f yy A \ —
j

~ :FOR---~

  
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
   
   
 
  
    
  
  
    
     
    

 

 

nition fac‘ories and the large amount)" — SSS

of power that is befng exported to| MARRIAGES.
the United States, Sir Adam said that Balley—Potter—At “the parsonage Bruce

notice had been given the exporting Avenue Baptist charch, Windsor, Sat-
companies on several occasions as to urday, October “{3th, 1917, by Rey.

what power would-be needed by the Ww f * Mr, John Bailey, ‘9
Commission. They, therefore, had no|’ —SU#$_ Theresa otter, bos of Kings- or -FOR—
Just grounds to declare that the Com-. Beaudoin— Bailey—At All Saints’ rectory,

contrast fof yowar which couid'not) SY ae i sycae orang ol FATE AND WINTER WEAR
# for power which could not f apoleon ndar- ¢
be supplied. A committee ati heras or Mr, aleon Beaudoin, of Ander. ! I

 

(leh LENSER ROOM ON Soi CE UPD RE Nea IPOS Myla eee LETS ES i ede a tee ee

          
       
    
   
   
   
     

 

     

   
   
   
 
   
  
  

    
  
  

  
  
   
  
  
 
  

   
 

don, to 83 Myri, daughter of Mr,
sociation ‘shortly will wait, on both Fred. A. Bailey, of Windsor,

  
  
   
  
  
 

 
   
     
 
   
  
    

    
  
  
     
  

         
 
 

      
 
 
   
   
    
    
     
    

      
  
   
     
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
    
    
 
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
      
  
 
 
 
 
   
     
    

  
 
     
    
    

  
   

 

  

“= : the Ontario Belgian Relief Find. Dominion and Provincia vi Hines—Debi -At the home of and: by =
4 Channel Spot \Grotso tale residents | Hadley Hall Monday evening, October] —The 14th annual Sunday Schooi|to press the cio e ne ne Hydro, und| > Tatas, anineanea, Saturday, Oe: Are now read for .
4 the dout che to get a” sight of Am-| 22nd, underjthe auspices of the Ath-|convention of the Deanery of Essex]to protest against the granting of eel to Milas. Josephine Deblou, of y rf Bs =
* pes again | {thout having to climb the |J¢tc Club, Manager, Martin Younger,|is to be held at St. Mary's church,]d:tional rights for constructing a dam’ asta ‘ 4 oA , j “6 + :
“3 erstburg W the thidnd fof the Brunner,’Mond. A special or-] Walkerville, on Wednegday of next]on the St. Lawrence river. ee ae ata abe tea Your Ins pecti on and
2 so eThs Danchters ine the Empire have | C#estra has been engaged, and danc-| week. A program of great interest to ee an {01% bys Nev. We the battersby Nr a if
ad had te tive their nice quarters im | {ng will begin at § o'clock. Admission, S. S. teachers ond other church work- LEAMINGTON Charles R. Hobbs to Miss "Edith , ‘ . a
; Ca Conten ewing tore iuving [SUE & couple: extra Indy 25c. Conr| ers has been arranged, commencing a "| Saab uakener ot Mrao. homme At ”. exceptional low -
the Se imaiis ! Palmerston clothiar, | Mittee in charge will see that every] 10-a.m, ‘Luncheon ‘and tea will be Mar | Marentotte. oS A Alphonsus’ A. I
ot beenkees 2 to" pen up there, | guest is. given a good time., You are] sérved® by tho ladies of St. Mary’s|, Mack Roach, who has been serious- C. church, Windsor, Wednesday, Octo 7
« who expects soon to’open up erG.| ivited: , “Ichurch, A considerable delegation ly ill with’blood poisoning in his hand, ber 10th, 19 Leroy S. Maren-

   

    

The ladies have taken the place ad-
joining, formerly occupied by Wiliam
Menzies, which will make them. A
convenient and pleasant place to’con-
tinue their commendable” work.

    
  
  
   
     
    
    
  
    
    
  
   
     
    
    
   
   

Is Ow in pe way to recovery. petty Miss “Alice Asselin, all of
t the Inquest held here Tuesday} pixie: Klle—At oS '
ey—Klie— St. _ John's Episcopal
over the body of Mra, Linke Williams, enureh, Detroit, Friday, septemt er
elect ontes on Baigrday, it was held 3 Dein, shew, W. iB Fanta
y the jury to be an accident, and no ‘ ryan Hikiev oka
Blame was placed on the company even Rikiey, of Grand River

avenue, Detroit, 16. iss Ina R. Kile,
Mr. Tedrow, aged 75 years, who re- second daughter of Mr, A. L. kile,of

 
  
    
     
   
  
  

frém Christ church will attend the con-
ventions

—Pettypleces “Limited have com-
pleted the, Sandw’ch — street paving
from the town hall to the northern
limits of the town, and a smalj) force
is now engaged putting in the neces-

~-Services marking the fourth anni-
versary of the induction of Rev\ F. O.
Nichol as pastor of St. Andrews
church were held on Sunday last with
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Fox spent a services jn the morning conducted by

: , _ | Rev. W. Gordon Melvin, B.A., of Walk-
Pen ithe trip took them.over 2,500 ¢Fviile, “and in the evening by“ Rev.

  
  
  
   
     
    
     
  

    

prices.

2

F, P. Scratch & Cot |

     
      
   
      
    

  

 

   
         
  
  
   
   
     
 
   
 
  
 
  
 

  

    
  
   
  
  
      
    
    
   
 

j s ides with his daughter, Mrs. Fred. Colchester. oe
Henry Dickie, D.D., of First Presby-| sary tiling along the curb. While the} ghter, Mrs. -| Spopner—Dawson—At tho residence of the AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO,
Miles, and Mr. Fox declares»that 1} osian church, Clintham: ‘The ser:[town has advertised its intention of| Branton, on Marlborough. street, had bride's Wednesday, October tae *

all that way the crops and roads in
Anderdon’ township were .the best.
Mhis speaks volumes for one of ‘the
main townships of Essex county.
—Harry Kemp, who is opening 3
garage and repair shop in ©. H.
Kemp's livery, is busy having the
> plate remodelled ‘and made ready for
business that will no. doubt develop
rapidly. Mr. Kemp has. moved hia liv-
ery stock to tle Lawler barn, Murray

extending the -work to the $imcoe
street corner, and also paving a por-
tion of Dalhousie and Murray streets,
{t is not likely that any’ of this work
will be undertaken this Inte in the
fal, The necessary: court of revision
on this“ind other local improvements
will be held as soon as the Act, per-
mits, so that the assesaments can-be
adjusted, and the debentures offered
for sale.

mons by these gentlemen were able
and scholarly presentations of gospel
truth, deliyered with an éarnestness
that..drives the message home with
acceptance, Their return. will be look-
ed forward to with interest.. The ser-
vice of song by the church choir was
most hearty, and was enlivened by
the solos of Miss Myrtle Munn and
William Manson. The offerings of
the day were most generous and were

a. alight ‘paralytic otroke on sete ttre tet fe, SBPSER, | deeb abetted nbebebebenbetebede doef ebettobelededeeedeh ,
but is beginning to regain the use of nneato inten ae Dawson. of Rome ms z : :
his limbs. ¥ : ersea. ; : € — = :
— | Savage—Caxwell—In Windsor, Thursday, Z 3
nh church, Brantford, Wednes~

ENTRAL GARAGE fice | =~ FURS! FURS! |

Valkenburg—At St. John's
Richmond Street ve wl eC Mr, J, Fred. Thom- ° * i i.
} ster South, lem, ; 4
chemehd Str auger of'vre't Avan tases?|| , GO-Direct to,L’J, FaFontaine—Headquarters for High-Class Furs

>

 

  
 
 

+
+

<2

    

 
       
 
   

   

+
oO

      
    
    

      
  
    
  
 

  
    
    
    

 

      
    

   

 
  

   
   

 
  
 
 

     
    
   
    

       
 

    
   

rs, Of Brantford. ‘ - ae =
ge ba ae PERE contiiie TUZOr li hatialnotseetund: for-burrent. oc —Wesley church anniversary next Armstrong—AL the Methodist Now is tho timo to come in and see the very Intest Parisian and | %
2 Pe sunday next, the 21st inst..| Penses and repairs, On Monday even- Smudoy, ait inst Aildrepees 2 a Storage for Cars, fran eee ea eels hs ane styles and leave your order early if you wish to havo first é
as —O) : 21s “ling ‘the church was packed to the} 10.30 a.m. Rev. A. G Crews, D.D., o} ‘ : . , ee ‘2 jolce of our fine stock of High-class Furs. Made to your %
being held ta Chea) church, ‘The as doors with an audience that came to} Central Methodist church, Windsor; Gasoline, Oils - - the TASTE aa oR ae gh Nr

rmstrong, both of Mersea| goods guaranteed. Seal Skin, Mink, Persian Lamb a. specialty.

and’ Accessories.

hear the address by Col. B. S. Wigle,|7 p.m., Rey. BE. A. Feur, former be-

     

      

tor will preach in the morning and the

       

of the 18th Battalion. on “Essex Boys |loved-pastor. A socia! half hour at the

     

 
    
 
  
  
     
   
 
 
   
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

     
  
   

 
  
   

 
 
 
 
  
    
    
  
  

  

PEEPEEEEEEE EEE EES SH:

    
   

    

    

 

   
    
  
    
   
      
    
 

    
   

 

 
  
 

      
   
     
   
  

    
    
 
  

   
  
    

    
 
  
  
   
 
    
 
 
  

' : a “Furs Redyed, Cleaned, Repaired and odelled —
Rev. D. W.* Collins, rector of the in the Great War.” One h ni * 1 : 3 REC" Sera ved, » MOP : ca Rem : .
undred and} close of the evenimg service. Men's ‘ : ae 3 7 i
Church ot the Ascension, ¥ wyinaber, in fifty lantern ‘slides secured by an art-|mecting at 9.30 a.na.; Sabbath school | T HARRY, KEMP > DEATHS, imei ae into the. latest-fashions.. oe * ‘
the even! ar inten acts oa by the |/8t-friend of the lecturer from the field] 130. All heartily welcomed. A } é Benetoau—At Loiselievillg, Friday, Octoher : Bc + hog eer oes : a
other musi Pee in ad-|f battle made the evening one of the] splendid progr m “will ‘be given on| + Phone 9. pth dy 14th, 1917, Joseph, infant son of Mr. bf , 0 : : :
choir*and the services will be in ad- c 3 vel Monde 22nd. P b : = Henry Henstean, 4 months. ty J ep F (9) N : coy |
> cord with, the joyous “season, of ‘har- | Mist InUsresting 18 the tt er Ot wa ee eee te TOI Delentee | Hee Burgess tn Tiibury, Wednesday, O¢tober h. J. Lar " amen
. 8. splen y rendered instru-| the ng or a : rs. Honry Burgess, - . 5 =
Se tat ; * | mental duat by the Misses Terry drew| Harry Brush, baritono; Miss Cant, “THE ETS. tari Windsor, Tuesaay,  Octoper|\ Phone 1007-K - |. WINDSOR © 89 Pitt St.E., Cor. Mercer-
—The R. C. abate Club were roy-| merited applause, St; Andrews is to contralto; Weit Rolland, basso; Miss MARKETS. 46th, 1917, Mrs. Frank Hutton, aged ‘ RIES Of, E., Cor, Me ;
ally entertained on Thursday eveaink | be complimented on the great success| Nellie Frick, reader, Detroit School of me GP - |Davis—in Sandwich East, M "tober . ine
“a Latha ar pail Wiss: Byariats ofits) epectalsofforts, gr Blocution; Mr. Care, Tene teacher; Plain Noa er October a. s5un.*1017, Mrs. Clara oe ELS a —— : =
) Ouv;lette, at their home on —As a result of fresh borderregu-} Miss. Walters, accompanist, Inaures an A tale en. ke Hicks—| - . TO RENT -
front In addition to tie members| jations which - went into’ effect on}evening’s rore treat,  Admissfon 26{Corn Meal, per cwt; .. 2°60 oir, “the een of ae Ran

of the Society, Rev. s.'s Ryan ant:|‘Tyosday, the difficulties of gettin
+ Donnelly and Sel MeSpada:, the fret | across the lind have been piled still
mnt of the club, wor? present. | higher, so that from now on until the

of the pleasantest social evenings | middle of November it will be a very
enjoyed by this socloty wa} hard -matter for any Class One man

cents, Come and ormg your friends, | Wheat, per, bushel....

Onts . 65 | May Pinot Hee RENT—R ifs

—Mr. and Mrs. Ford Melvin and an i nor, Non ee re
son, of Palmerston, arrived in Am- ‘ vad ye Montme igor ee 18 years. TO RENT- qe 1 residence: on Ram-

; aay, Besar RUEY REE nar Bord rg, “known as. tho]

—The
n , say 3
herstburg this week, and Ni6 is busy : ‘ 7, ‘Omor, in-¥ Huston Bi Fa rterms, cte.,,
getting the Cosy Corner rfady for a, : \y apa 3 fant “son: of. Mr. William Montmaigny, apply to Ci McLEAN; adjorntig.

     
  
 

  
 
  
  
 
   
  
   

     
   
  
 
 

 

  
 
     
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
  

  
 
  
 

   
 
 

 
 
  
 
 

   
   
 
 
    

 

   
 
 
 

  
   
  

   

during which, on behalf of the|to cross to the States with any possi-|big stock of gunts’ furnish{ags, which - ace 60 | mayest eet ra, ,

A. Barron, presld| mn‘, present: | bility of remaining there.- The Anstey he will open ‘the end of #&xt week. E m1ot7, Cl Stanek cree a 1th, *% | iy IR ye re
Yan? _ eee z Gf luaxing passports has been placed Regarding Lis departure ro ee. > lever, es ea ~ FSURD—On_ anerstbure PAT a7 7 rai ae
ol quartore » en fentirely in the hands of the military|ston the Spectiitor says: ‘Mr. “- . ‘ A «a child's money attac

SAT cleaar, Torch, wou [ Suthorities, and’regulations have heen | Mra, Ford Melvin and: son Gorton, loft 5 er he, von" oF MF. | Loner cait'wet samme BE The Eebo-Ofce |
tte, © , rafted with a view of catching the|yesterday for Amherstburg, oir : oS oat, ay) 0 SS — -
to be rememb3"l evening © 4/one man’ in a thousand who tight future home.. Mr. Melvin intends. to| Red Clover -9 60-12 00]. ed Teged 403, Mrs. ‘angellque Nate | 2 At CTION. Ss LE!

try to slip across the line and so be-]open a clothing business on or ®bout +++10 00-15 00] Purceli—in Windsor, Friday, October 49th, = Pag epee AL
yond the control of the Canadian milj-| November Ist. As Amhersienty La =— Miia : Ah Mrs. John Purcell, axed 65 P— ‘ad.Ot
| itary officials. The most marked fea-| town of over 3,000 of a populati#m and > © Ss Se et f pak ther

tures of tho new regulations are that} With no similar estab et

es
any Class One man who wants to go} ®hould ‘be a good opening
to the States, even for the most ob-/™many friends wish him:
vious, business reasons, must firat}in, his new vy
satisfy the authorities that his reasons | years here he
1} 4re legitimate ones, and must follow] man and did
thir with a tho

    
 

tt 16) ear

 
  
 
 

   
   
