 

fhe Molsons Ban

recommend their friends to invest in

CANADA'S
VICTORY LOAN

and are ready to receive subscriptions.
The Bank will undertake (o hold» Bonds,
for sinter take without charge “for a
-whether-y the subscription was

Cape Coal

Keep warm with an Electric Heater and
‘save the. coal.

These Electric Heaters

are portable and can be carried from room to
room and attached to any electric lamp socket

Special Price $7.00

Fosex County Light & Power Go., Limited.

 

+

é Hebb hhh bebe beebieet edete bbb ttobtete PEPE EEA EET

GOAL—-Cursnwvr COAL'-Stove

+

ae

 

Delivered to any ick of Towa aa Country.

Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front, -
Anderdon.

AS gATFELD COAL C0,

 

 

<<

2i2
oe

OFFICE
RESIDENGE

Phone

PELEEEEEEESEE EP ES

+
+
+
De
¢
.
‘t
+
:
+
-

ale
cl
ie]
ey
II
He

———
—Torn Your Spare Hours Into’ Cash--- ~

Your Knowledge is Worth Money To Us.
Nog Will Be Paid Promptly For It,

You know of persona who aro going to buy Pianos,
Player-Pinnos and Phonographs, You havo trionda whoso
familics should have a musical’ education.

y partici

We want that information. We will do the selling
‘and give you your romuncration promptly.

T 1S. TO-DAY’ THE WATCHWORD OF THE NATION
Annee’ of-us will. eave—Your Friend will get a Better Plano
—You will be remunerated—and We will be bonored with the

itronage,
. old. Rellable House—CANADA'

Instruments—Reasonable Prices—Conve

Write To-day. Do Not Hesitate.

come” District Agents, Salesmen, Travellers
and Managers #{ desired

S Very Highest Grado
nicat Terms

Opportunity to be

prawor 4 Amherstburg Echo.

<

_ ANNOUN CEMENT 7

= As: the “ie romobile Sales. and Sete work |?

have i increased so.as.to.occupy all our time, we
discontinuing the Farm papier en’ and.

art of Our. business.

, will carry a full line of A AUTOMOBILE REPAIR

ND ACCESSORIES and will make and: repair |

and servic OT be as: efficient as possible,

¢, any ‘article we

left Trout our),

.) OOK e

5 ‘years old;

peers

"DOMINION ere

* echo tay be

SOUTH ESSEX.

ROBERT" “ATKIN, of the Township
of Malden, farmer, by M. H. Swatmhan,
of Leamington, and ope undred oth-
ers. Finnticjal agent H. Swatman.

JOHN WESLEY BRIEN, of tho
Town of Hssex, Physician, by Adam
BE. Pollock, of Essex, and thirty-nine
others, Financial agent, F, B. Geddes,
of Essex,’

cent a word.
Small advertisoments, 1
_ 3 timoa for 600.

FOR 8ALE—1 head of horses. For par-
tieulars apply MWS, GEONGE ©. McLEAN
HARKO Were

CARROTS FOR SALE—31-00 per Ju
Apply JAY L, PRAYER, $to Con,, Ander
Auld P, O., Ont, Phono 120-24,

“FOR € —Siven-room house on J
say Street, Amberstbure. To De taken
the premison, Apply CIIANL! ES MeL)

FOR SALE—Small house in town, to bie
moved. Will be sold xf Apply MISS
M, SULLIVAN, Amherst » Phone 206
| FoR SALE. wo 2- old heifers, duc
in April; d-yeor-old GLAUD PAS-
- We No, 4, Amin burg, Phone

words or under,

The abive is sui short tho result of
the-official nomination for candidates |
for the Dominion -Houge in the riding |

6f South Esacx at Kingsville, Monday |
last.

Charles Clark, Roturning Officer for
South ‘Essex, presided, and during the
hours of 12- o'clock, noon,nnd 2 o'clock
p.m. recolyed tha: nominations, and ex-
plained to thé large audience of male |
and. female electorathat filled the
orst- | own hall to tho doors, the duties. of
|the ertumerators, dnd otter oatters in
conection with the taking of tho vote

r—Oheup nod on casy Loris or lo
vernLbouses, Jarceand pep with

| os SALE—
Freep. Ho

| mod convenitnces.
Amboratbure. Ont wo Fe ees
FOR SALE—A Mire colt, coming 2 yo
old, Black Perehoron; for rensonable mon=
ty... FRED NOCHE! LEAL éth - Concession,
Anderdon,
“FOR 8.
vfass ee
cheap, “Apply
) burg, Phone

. Davie,

earling eattla; 25
shoatsy welghii rom 75 to 100. p ids.
yb & A. OULL E, R. N. No. 1, Almherst- }in the coming election,

burg. Phone 114-12, | Jt-was a  asurprisa that the Hon.
FOR SAE in eae SOE rising |George P. Graham's ‘name did not ap-

bars well rmiatehec or articulars
apply to ‘RS, MANY MAJOR, y pear among the Iist of nominees, and
Ont. Phohy 148°. the explanation was not forthcoming
until the proceedings opened, when the

FOR BALE—A round dining ro
Duftet,..and mantle clock. following letter «was read by Mr.
Clark: 4

4
McGrogor,

my table,
Apply. to
MBS. ALLAN ® MeGEE, Elin Avenue. Am-

herstbirs. Phone 150,

FOR SALE—Gonoral Purposo horse, 6
sound, e000 in all barness,
Cheap for quick HOWARD CAMP-
BELL. Phone Amborstburg I. Q,

FOR SALE—, ) brick house on Elm
Avenue, Aim lurk. WHurdwood floors
and hot wate Also Lambo ros-
jdenee, Tham: FRA LIN A,
HOUGIE, Barrister, Amherstburg.

FOR SALE—A factory or husiness site,
on the N. Y, G line ih the Town of Ani-
herstburg, sulgable for coal yard, lumber
yard, tie yard or factory. ur Pins
gcroxs the whole property, j

“FOR SALE OR TO RENT.
comprising 100 scres; being Jot nm,
Anderdom. High af cultivation, good
Dullditiga, food wells, Possession in Janu-
ary, Fr terms, ete, apply to EDWARD
GHONDIN, Amhorstburg |. 0.

FOR SALE—Americuny foxhoulds—ono
biteh, thee vears old, broken» fer coon
loniy, pride 895; one pup seven months old,
boon junted a little, will sell for 420, or

» for fw pump) fun jn-pood” condition.
F WHIGHT, Marrow, Ont
|. FOR SALE—19 Ih.p. pasaline

a 0 N.p. rasoline onging {both 6
wy & Muir The bik ong 1s

also now crusher, 0%" r
; and corm sheller with stan and bog-

2 Jino shafts, 20 ant 16 feet Jone

Essex, Ont.
November 19th, 1917,
Tho Presidont, Liberal Agsociation,
South Essex,

My Dear Mr, Buckland,—A _ threc-
cornored contest in South Essex could
only have the affect of making it pos-
sible for the nominee pf the Tory con-
vention to wrest the good old riding
!from Liberalism. I hive been inypub-
lic life Nighting. the battles of Liberal-
{am too. long to be a party to any
such result. Ina strafght fight it
would have been a pleasure to have
accopted the nomination so. generously
tendered me by the Liberals of South
Fasex,, which kindnegs J will never
forget. Wowever, as Mr. Atkin feels
tliat he canmot withdraw, I request that
bot dg not place my. hame in. AME
ation, to-day.

Wishing the Eiberat party in South
Bysex all success and thanking you
all for your, grent_ ecnatderation, be-
levee me,

 

Yours aineereyas
GEO. P.. GRAHAM.

Dr. Brien was not present, but was
}represented by Lewis..Wigle. and the
Rev. Mr. Carlisle, of Winsor,

Mr. Atkin was thé first-speaker, and
occupied the attenijon ofthe hall for
a few minutes. He wag’ received with
cheers, and sald that lo was neither
{ashamed nor afrald to face the clec-
tors of South Essex at all times, Ho
did not discuas the!winning of the war,
declaring, that tho upperniost wish -of
all hearts was qo win (fe War, and no
aspersion coulfl Be cast on- any per-
son in this ¢ountry who breathed the
breath of Hborty. -“L.am o Liberal,”
declared Mr. Atkin d a supporter

FOR en ved ee il L 0 oF Bin odd nes Esheen

ind Ss 240 Parliament eh
i ita Nee Sear Pe igueeO e oe his amendment to the Military Ser-

FOR § vice. Act, I would fave voted with him.
| enact en Ce Sa ee, runs, t9 There is zt answer yaa Ne ats
chan nak 8 ; fect decp. | owner |jeador who aspires. to lead must be
i LL AN. Phono ny ADDY ASRS i greater than his Cabinet, and be will-

NOILSALI- Oho of the beat on ing to trust the people of Canadn, and

vAudordon. C », Good hor they should be trusted. This /matter
Hor ‘partioulnen tony toF Atay Se takes hold of the flesh and blood of
\\ Fort ee . horet burs. ont. P. *|the people. The people of Canada can

FOR SALE—On0 of tho fine be trusted to do what is right.”

Malden, consisting of 78 acres; right on Lewis Wigle explained that Dr, J.
the Tike; well drained; woll fenced; onet NV. Brion, Who’ was nominated at
ore sen Hest houseys With soft, ati | nror | Leamington on Friday, had wired ac-
apply’ to MARY SULLIVAN, | cepting the nomination, but foundit
mherstburg. P.O. Hox 36. - | {mpossible té¥be here as he is @ mem-
ber of the ’Ganadian Pension Commis-
sion, but hep Will be in South Essex
soon-and will remain until after the
eleétion. Mr. Wiglo reiterated what
he had sald at Leamington Friday, re-
garding the ~ causes which led ~to
Confederation, and compared the prea-
ent state of affairs in Canada regard-
{ng conscription to that. of . 1867,
when political parties united to
effect Confederation. Had Sir Wil-
frid Laurier’ accepted Sir Rob-
art Borden's . invitation to form a
Unfon Government, ther would have
been no congéription and no election.
Rogarding the raising of men, had
Quebec done its duty, in sending as
*|many men as it was entitled to, ac-
jeording to its mombership reprosent-
‘ar farms on }ed, conseription would not have been
pate Ht ahd asary. Conscription was ms ide for

Ouse WwW i) ait
Me fant t r ici hounoy ee purpose of forcing Quebec to pay
a borewith windmill, also flow. |er share ju men, Sir Wilfrid Laurier,
rood, barn with stall driving |he declhred, is not,doing a thing to
atic i Tu Bia lL nt hinge win this war, and had-he followed the
tna’ soondit Hes From |same Course as the Opposition leader
mite £ lo from} did in England he would have- enter-
rk farms in sho} Union Government on the other, “You
Moa AAI we manded the Premiership. “Eyen in the
; hone 908,” United States, polities were cut out

FARM FOR BALE—One 01 arma | during the course of the war, und all
in Colchester South consisting “Of 140) parties are standing beliind President

8,008 Mile south of Harrow, 3 mileSiwwilson, It is not Grit.or Tory in

erie; Sand and black loam;
feb’ Kako Efe: of farm; woll 140. fect, | Canada, {ft is Laurier on one side and
in ie eae vee a gonvenient for Union Givernment on the other. “You
cattlo; also. nover fallir re) ©) Liberals who think that Laurier has
. th hard anit sores water at
gia barns, houte, Jargo white framo}M@one the right thing, vote for him.
way itor noun Da arora cans pane (Grent © demonstration for Laurier.)
size of front vo! Sir Wilfrid Laurier can win Queboc
7 it kinds of flowers, trees” and .
Annis also orchard; grain barn 40x42 )and by getting a solid Queboo, and
Hraets tobacco barn and machine house) fifty-five othor members; he would be
Bandpass elected, byt. Quebec would bo run-
a) ning the country. Germany is fighting

30x50 feet; hore barn
com ¢rib an
to rule the world and- Quebec is fight-

pa: cow barn 29x30;
house 99x96, with
on shed attacheds grainery two aa
1k house Jath and plaxtored, 49x1 ing to rule Cannda, If Sir Wilfrid Laur-
fer comes in power, he will*say con-

two "i mV houses. w Bi scratening pon and
ator) ous. pe ration, one of tp nest scription {8 the law ze the land, but
juildings od. Te you can get your million men out of

Iran Teh aunte. of cultivation: on mie all the provinces xcept Quebec. “Ha
Trony Poblic and: High school; choice ofaix }urged thom not to talk about scandals,
churches, bl el ae me as theso dcandala wore all done before
Beare OR ere Al RB pe orm Py Union Government was formed. Hence-
{0 NARY SULLA Ny Ams forth profiteers. will- havo # rough
box 35, ‘Phono 201 purty ae ve Laat Ae limited the:

~
TO ae Pro! Cy Ore r cent.»
7
Sad TAT SGH sare | homas Rawinereletied pect out?

fo BDWANRE

ae “ux 8, Prone [©

‘oparator. Ail
pille,” Phone
2005-2 Windsor.

FOR SALE—PFifty acres on) 71h. Con-
cegaion of Ion, on TO Pike, right
}aeross N.oM n P.O. and general store,
14 miles from” Amberstbirg and 40 rods
from school, This farm is in a high state}
of lth and free from oll nislowsy woes, |
and all tiled but few and well fenced
and. woll built, « Ao lar house wilh) all
}modern con jenees, sarge bar
| Stables; Fall kinds and 5
milk ho house, two good w
young growing orebard with
5.. Apply tq 5. NOUFFORD,
aiden, i. Gs

Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY

 

Trult ¢)
On premises, North }

nu ind Toby just

faroimin

fst conces :

drained, and in food stale of cultl¥ation
suitable for all Kind of fruit and tobacco;
97 acres Of clayver planted; Jarge comfort- I
able Douse;* goed cellar under house;7welly
and. Ciatern dt. Wouse:. large barn, cow
stable and aL kinds ef buildings; a Now-
ing well’on farm; about a milo
Marrow and one mile from Hake E

first Concotsion Colchesto
acyes good frame house, I8x2, kit
MW, shod or sum kitchen, ban
grainory and cowshouss,
2x3, horse ‘sinblo 20:
built, bored well, pig poo, ©
milo from school, bWwo. mag!
ebtirchos, 18
just tivo infles
on bank of La’

Good torm: ' for par

». Hea

it
ing well;
ds

 

 

 

(HOUSE 70.
Sean Tac
aiwich Bitep

“the C.

|} there mus¢

not three years later, when it was
necessary to coax Liberals in to cover
up his dirty record.” The speaker did
not expect much from the present
Cabinet Liberals, a8 they were in grent
minority. The Cabinet, as formed,
did not appeal to him, as six repre-
sentatives in a Board of nine cannot
be ruled by three. He figured that
N. It. grant, which ho attacked
with considerable vigor, was to be
divided fifty, fifty between the Govern-
ment and the railroad company. He
also eriticiaed the small amount paid
to solders fn the trenches. The sol-
dier, he exclaimed, received $1.10 for
fighting in the trenches of France,
while Sir Robert Borden received $15,-
000 a year digging trenches night
and day to keep his party in power.
Voluntary recruiting failed by reason
of the Government mismanagement, but
be some means devised
to enable Canada to continue in the
greatost struggle of the -world’s’ his-
tory.. He cowld-not be accused of dis-
loyalty, nor of Jack of interest in the
war, ashe had lost.one brother, three
cousing and meveral nephews, “Some-
where in France.” Who would make
the best representative, a farmeror a
doctor? (Yel and counter _ yells.)
“I'd gomble\tive last dollar L have that
{f the manufacturers were compelled
to cough up the enormous profits they
are making just now, this war would
not last. two ‘montirs,” he declared
dramatically. “Men be men, ‘not
sheep, and voto for your own inter-
ests, and the greatest Canadian states-
man, Sir Wilfrid Lawrier.”

Rev. Mr. Carlisle, of Windsor, at-
tended a nominatiom convention for
thd firat timo in hiis life and came as a
patriot, not as m politician. “I have
no love forythe ‘Profiteor,”- said he,
“but as a returned soldier, I appeal for
the best pallid soldiers, most courage-
ous men im the*world, the British
army.” Tlhe men, he found were ak
Ways courmgeous and completely satis-
fled. - Thiis election Is not a political
affair, but should call for the action
of;patriotic men. The answer to the
call for mem, money ond resources
from the outtireak of the war is most
petriotic. Dr. Brien’s absence is due
to bis devotion tw duty. He eulogized
him ag physiciian, 28 a man, as a
patriot, abd-avas Inere in his interests
to appenl to actiual patriotism’ The
heroism of tlhe women in giving up
their sons for overseas servieo—has
darned for them the franchise, He
said, we aro; -MMace to’ fece with a
three fold criisis, in the most pregnant
time since the dawn of hunan History.
This;war is mot waged to satisfy «a
whim of polfitics, to enlarge our bor-
ders or displmy our Navy's might, but
it is 2 war of autocracy ‘against
democracy. There {s a crisis now ,in
Imperial affairs; Russia is in. tho
throes of civil sttrife; Italy is out for
the time; France: jing been bled white
from its noble effforts 6 repel the in-
yader ‘The conciludingschaptar of Ure
war resis upon ith® back of - Great
Beitain-tnd her aillics. While Great
Britain wever posed ny) on milltayy na-
tion, in a fow>months she _ raised,
trained. and plited in thes field milliong
f tine then aril won victories Augainst:
the prosioatfehting mmechinoe in the
world, England js oMogether organ-
ized for the war, Decnluse every man,
woman and child tn ‘England is; alive
to the fact that Engiiand is facing a
national imperial ertisis, If Wwe lose
this war, our mothériiand will go down
to Biome. itod dishomor. Not only Is
this a. crisis in hutman*and national
affairs, it the greattest erisis In Can-
adian affairs, sir thie dawn-of Con-
fotieration We arm ina falr Way,
ugles® we win this. War, to bow down
ts slnves to the worst tyrant in ,the
world's hisiany. While there was a
Military Service Agit in force in Can-
ada at the beginniingsof the War, it
wa. thought Best (hen, not to anforce
i tur lesve the -THising of ap “army
to voluntary gervicm®; and four linndsed
onsand ofthe besit and finest men in)
tbe, world came forwvard’> He referred
bricilh {te ‘the ¢logmuent spe s of
Promicr Borden and. Sir W Laur-
jer when the first,> contingent ent
overseas, Which injapjred the men to
do the almost inipossible things they
did, because they had the assurance
that Comuatin, which they left behind,
was With them fo the Iast ounce of
Monhood and Jast cént. He argued by
colmparing Sir Wilfrid Laurler’s mant-
fesito and the manifesto of Sir Robbert
Bordon, that Canada would scarcely be
belhind them now if Sir Wilfrid Laur-
ler were followed. The Government
arued that there should*be the least
Possible. delay In this national emer-
kencl. He appenied to them to do the
greatest food tiéy could do, and yote
at this time to kill politics for all timo
to come, This is not politics, it is not
porsonnlities; itds patriatism, and they
should be ready and willing to hold up

tho old flag. C

Robert Atkin wound up the meet-
ing. The Government of the country,
he sald, lias no right to be taken too
tor from tho people. ,Tho people had
the right to pronouncé’ on all such im-
Wortant question ns conscription, and
No wan: with Sir Wilfrid Baurier in
domanding that the people have their
Spy on thii matter. No Governmént,
No matter how able or intellectual it
ip, can bo bigger than its leader, and
Ko asked if at presont, in all fairness,
Sir Robert Bordon, the londer of the
Government, had shown hinrbelf equal
to the emergenty. Ho was indeed
lad to seo that cortain ladié® had the
Tight to-vote, but every Indy In Can-
ala, a. British subject, and twenty-
‘Oe years of age, should Have n vote,
The Unfon Government gavo tho right
fo only ono here and Agden and. this
Yory eaten ti ed out and
itranglod “discussion on this ques-
tion und forced tye Franchiso Act
‘through: by closure. Ho od’ that
the. pets soldior sl

te a wolators in

Dwelling on Sandwich Street vith Stable and 1 Garege.
River Front Lots, ‘Amherstburg.
One 85 Acre Farm in Anderdon Township.
One 50 Acre Farin’ in Malden Township.

FALLS BRO

_ AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

And in the years to come—in accordance with
what you are saving. now—you will be
financially independent or financially “broke.”

WHICH WILL Iv BE WITH-YOU!

aAre you not better able

to breast the storms of

life now than-you will be —

twenty-five or*fifty years

hence? 2

Do without the luxur-
ies vow that you may
have them latgr tn life.

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN GETTING
ON IN THE WORLD ‘SVE WOULD BBE
PLEASED TO HAVE YOU CALL : %

Amherstburg Branch, 6.A C.A. aay, Maniyins
Harrow Bratch, P. T. Clark, Manager.

to choose from

We extend an inyitation to all to look over our line which

we think is the finest ‘ever shown in

Essex County.

Hardware,

W. H. JONES "E

AMES ESTEE ONTARIO.

Per ESrenn rrr reer ,

£ Se ae Se

T havo taken the agency in” ta aut ‘for. t
Len ee a era of, your patro

are fhe
on}

h ars i

 
  
  

 
 
   
    

- —Rose, daughter of Mr. ad Mrs.| SOUTH ES EX CONE RVATIVES

John Casey, is very ill with av attack

of typhold fever. Leampgton Nominates

—Dr. Frederick Torrance, of the De- rien.

partment of Agriculture, who has
charge of the new oleomargarnoe sec-
tion, says that oleomargarixe will
probably be on sale on the 1s} of De-
cember, and the best grade should

 
  
  
  
  

  
  
   

 

Convention at Lea
Or. IW

i ai... Toronto Un
yi, ABPROIA! ono’ >
- F Ofice bo . 00125 1280 to 6,80 pum:
7108
At a well attended. meeting, ahi Cuts Down uel Bills | “ 7 Gand corner of Richmond ond Eaeey
tised as a union meeting in Leaming- lows’ ,and ono
ton, Friday, Dr. J. W. Brien, of Essex, Brey pos omiaa, Amhorstburg.

was nominated to contest the riding The “Pandora” requires tess He shan. DE. 0. TEETER, MB. — og

    
   

  
 
  
  
 
  

        
   
  
    
   
 

 

   
   
   
  
    
  
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
   
 
 

  

 

    
    

  
  
 
   
     

    
          
 
     
     

   
        

sell for about fifteen cents less than|of South Essex in the interests of the ,
the best grade of butter, Union Government. er other ranges because the McClary prec an AND? BURGKON Greduatoot
_ § tha The nominee: was not presen ut Toron' niversity, Lio. Colloge Phyal
it See ero EP renaudamel Tt; Lewis Wigle, who mado the nomina- Flue System directs the heat Twice glans and 8 goons. Ontario, | 0 ez
newspapers to impress upon tie read-| tion, stated that he had ao letter from Around the oven and stops the usual Amherstburg,
\ | readers the fundamental principles | the doctor wso 1s serving on the Pen- , : wi
underlying Victory Bonds, and cvon|sion Board at Ottawa, Orenny ae wastage. Send for illustrated des- a EG AD BUET, Aer
wre. ’ : Bis2 t that canvassers are asked questions | cept such a nomination if tender aes og: YSIOIAN AND SURGEON, Grad
:- The Tea of all Teas. Which have been explained time and|him, The nomination was seconded criptive booklet. We mail it free. ‘Queens University Kingston: Liao
again in every newspaper throughout | by George W. Cady, of Ruthven, and ; : ab-reslavtcd, et Se aro. OF

Black, Green \ Get a package and enjoy Canada. What's the answer? The

“a C ve reading of the newspaper {s done too
or Mixed a cup of Tea “In Perfection"’. carelessly these days. The Echo has

eee had the same experience not only with

* WN AND UNT —Angus Munn has purchased oj] respect to Victory Loan matters, but
TO co a player Tiane from Grinnell Bros, also the duties of enumerators®for the

unanimously passed, Deihausie “iret
W. A. Smith, of. Kingsville, was Hos Peete greet (opposite Waterworks)
chairman, and W. H. Noble, of Cottam, pp [. JAMESPARK.

\socretary of the meeting. Re ic oe ARK,’
EON, Amherst

a
Other names: placed in nomination feat
wére: Dr. Foster, of Leamington; BE, -

J. Gott, of Amherstburg, and Dr. W. C. aviv A. E. STEWART,

 

 

      
     
      
      
       
    
 
 
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
     
       
       
      
 
   
      
 
      
       
    
      
          
    
 
       
    
         
    
       
   
 
  
 
   
        
    

     

  
    

  
     
    
 
     
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  

 

  
 

 

     
   
   
 

  

1 ” —Revy, F. chol spent a few |coming elections and other matters of
ntel” —“Lot’s all’ get etioet bi bahar Rey Sete The pulptt of St.|the kind. Full explanations sre pub-| Doyle, of Essex. i LONDON - TOROS We uae WINNIPEG . ) VANCOUVER BIOIAN’ te EGON, Grady Pispuate of
: comedy, téwn hall, Amherstburg, ‘Andrews Sunday was occupied in the | lished week by week, which if those | Mr. Smith, in opening the meeting, SER Toot RD MONTOWN Ont. hyaal ja Mico,
1EN vember 28th. morning by Rev. A. R. Hassard, of [interested would read carefully and| reviewed the unsuccessful efforts that North he 706 2; Pat ee Golchonr
BOR: —Mupleipal snopinations 20m vith Toronto, and P. P. McCallum, of Mal-|reason out thero would be o much had been made by both parties to get F. SALE BY w RI JONES Tolophone, é 31 1a,
N'S will be held on. Decomber ist with den, in the evening. more general knowledge of these af-]together in South Essex. The Con- or s J - DR. W._C. DOYLE, 7
30, | pa ae been en- —Herbert Long, of F. P. Scratch &}fairs than there is. sores did not ere iar Cae ee W. C. DOYLE, M. D, ok = WME 6.
. ed b Pihe Ontario Governnient to| Co.'s, gave his friends a surprise} —There was some discussion at the Bae eee See that it would be ; DE Shor aradonts of Western Univernity,
1059 Sinat eS in Rondeau park, and will|last week, by taking as his bride, on | Victory Bond meeting In Windsor.over) ) Gisgraco if there was not a real Un- anil surgeons Of Galati’ ee uge of Fhysiotans
MP SS otirency thie Week: Tuesday, Miss Ada Cascadden, daugh-| the method of purchasing. Gordon N.J\ niet in tho flold F RS q I: of residence on Talbot Strect, next retontis
2 ee -Milk prices in the border cities|ter of Mrs, Isaac Cascadden, of Ruth-| McGrogor, chairman, took a rap at the |") Na. congratulated the Indies . u Hlectrio tey Walling room, Huex: ray fn
ibs in = a nother rise, according}Ven .The ceremony was solemnized | chaps who purchase their bonds nai 6 wire tho: Deniinion : Gimmection. Bpeotal attention given” to
EN te ene milk dealer, the price. now|at the bride’ a soa a ae through the banks. The Govdramont OSLO Tonite fiat ine. “Worare for High-Class F = ae Smee:
t ‘ sr |Creasy, Methodist minister, | at | allows a commission of one-half of one ae 4 aun ] : RANKLIN
yelng 1A eee marnieetts Pe phe pincer and was witnessed by only im:| per cent. on the salo of bonds. The Ce ao pees Bene Go Direct. to L. J. FaFontaine Headquarters or. High ass Furs tansy WAY HOUaH, |e
ee 3f the prices of grain do not get lower, mediate relatives. ‘Mr. and Mrs. Long }team workers have all agreed to turn is‘not as a:enpporter of Union Gov: -Now is the: time to come in.and. see. the:vory: latest Parisian and Bacar “Oftice : ‘Pablie, Con.
ey Sa said. Will’ bo home In Ambherstburg aftory{u ithe commission to the’ Red Cross, bi 1 de ech New ‘York/atyles*and: leave: your;order‘eartyif you:wish.to have: first balhousiostreet, Amboretburg,49-Monoyto
stits teamer Dunh was success-|December 16th. They are occupying | while the’ banks keep the commission ernment, eoatasd eo on whlch hi choico: of oursfine: stock ‘of High-class’Furs...Madevto your order. All 2
<< a — The 8 sé th Tas of the {the flats over the old Molsons Bank, |and-make:no report on the dndividual |! | Bastern® O1 od eae wind ee - goods guaranteed, | Seal Skin, Mink, Persian Lanib: t apecialty: FRED. Hi. A. DAV.
; éully raised from the iy ME street. The Echo extonds| amounts or names of subsdibers, ‘All sald that Sir Wilfri urier was $is , SR ISTEnYint
we F Detrolt tiver last week and .is now-| Murray ~ aa e bacrip- | leader, ahd criticized Union Govern- B ae Jollcltor, Notary Publie, Con-
+ dying at the Ecorse yard of the Great |congramutnies | course that every in: now dt given out, Mr. Me.jment.” ‘Mr, Wigle claimed that Sir Furs Redyed, Cleaned, Repaired and Remodelled Amherstburg, oncy netsaenmaay Hireet
maken pbuilding Company.” awale| 104 ae ones usu paper [Geof ued etergome co taake tele | Kober, Hardon Jt te Lote, Eromlr into the fatest fashions. ~ BARTLET & BARTLET,
eofee dn collision with the Robert Fulton of ‘its own, one to Sateh: it give its bond purchases through the team- should have been satisfied to go into. ARRISTE) RA, Solicitors, &o. Offloca in the

P: united support by way of advertising | workers, so that they would get the
| pha lehicot_ November bi and subscriptions,. Those interested | credit and the Red Cross would get

 

the Government without becoming
Premier. Mr. Wigle spoke strongly in
favor of conscription and declared it
was in force’in ‘practically every ‘coun-

 
  
  

L. J. LAFONTAINE fa oa

“Phone 1007-K WINDSOR _89 Pitt St.E., Cor. Mercer __ Gena Uabuaiee bak BE
ut RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

  

_ ation an-
the Department ot a do this that the paper may live and|the beneft. The “advice might be

ip Carter
ee rer ne rie Sao a $10 re-|continue to be useful to them by 2&-/needed ull over'the county, as-the de-

 

: ively advocating their interests. | cision to turn the commissions earned

eo spectively were open to Upper Scliool | Press . try in the world. To take a referen-

quar See ear ting at the Departmental | You have a paper that for over ren, to “some patriotic cause, either Red ee would require too much time fod Bea ee ei ¥TC., a H.
‘Is, Examination for certain counties. For|ty-six years has been looking after|Cross, Belgian Relief or some other} iiq the men couldn't be raised by, vol- jegand Ori otine pan nt Aye
ae Maaex county the 2nd and 3rd scholar-|the interests of the farmer. Have you/fund, is general, Sa resto a seaeiaee ena soine) vs 0 10 she Ooty

MoHugh. Offices Vietorin look. Wines .

DAVIS & HEALY.

Brie. ERIBTERS, SOLISTERS, NOTARIES,
V indso:

  
     

? ne
cos .  ehtips were won by pupils of Leaming- eee nbecribe for, The Weekly. gun |. <The Dominion Department of Agri-| EB. J. Gott said at thie outset that he
fon High school, Miss Ona Se ton |Toronto, the farmers’ business paper, culture sends out the following infor-}| did not propose to be a candidate, and

fon and Miss Vera Cox, respectively. from hte present time to 1st January, mation regarding the price of pota-] spoke at some length on the common

= | —Nearly 90 per cent. of the men 1919; it will cost. wou only Qne Dol- toes. Prices quoted are for 90 pound | cause—winning the war, upon which
= wlio have so far been refused exemp- sais t you will find the dollar well bags, unless otherwiso stated: To-| both Conservatives and Liberals ‘have
tion by the district tribunals, which ee a fi a roma ronto, Ont—Ontarlo's, $2.10 to $2.15.] united. He also championed strongly

have heard their cases, have sent not: |nd profitably spe Ottawn—Ontario and Prince Edward|the niethod of raising men by con-

 

    

   

WE HAVE IN STOCK }

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,

   
      
     
       
          
       
        
   
        
  
   
    
 
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
  
   
    
    
  
         
    

te. Money to Loan, Medley Block.
re D. Davis, B. A. A. F, Healy.

++

cn

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

foci. ices of appe: p » W. —The work of repairing the cable _ es 7 Time
ee ppeal to Deputy Registrar . ceaml Island, §1.90-to $2. Montreal—New | scription and could not find a good m, : S B. McLEOD.
= E. Wismer. ‘The men Beintsie eat F rs mainiaee eae cretion fae Ontario's $1.90, ae eames “At sit awa the WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUBBEROID ROOFING, ABRISTER, SOLICITOR, Eto. 38 Davie
achey have C h the tu uedDeC Ss 2S n car lots on track. |] 0 y 5 le ‘ #0} Li) ioney to

7 arena a See Eee ¥ eee The ine wee ere en earn eats a eS BEAVER BOARD. joan on farm property at loweat current rates

oa : That ‘they, contend is a satisfactory fealile..waa:found Jaiact. Soma ahor Market Sen Beers matin Pant ot Canada pecnake the heads of Place your order with us and save money FRANK W. WILSON.
95 o8 e ‘ \ cate Ae in ove ‘ ‘ AR) |
= decision in, vom, of tho evidence eu) lor tho chaneel. uviece wos found [Teta ond New Brunewick stock $190 tito Ceger ica" avould wo. tre pl nee se One O eaece a
: ry will not be heard for some weeks yet. |8¢ raped aspif it had been tugged on |p) Te Fick: nd Prince Edw “d Island | He believed ita referendum were Harm Property Bars.) Monoy to loan on
a Re w—"Dr. Joseph G. Knapp, a Wyan- by a gueeaene aia Peart Fen oer ae $2. Buffalo N. Y.—Round White submitted to the people of Canada, it JOHN FRASER Omiep ee ii uildings Corner cruelitts
PCR: Was opened a 8 pc BC: 9 yale sked C, = a4 aA. ‘ . = and London Sts., indigor, O t,
on patente: eae ponrentes eae tion with either shore~could not be Western) sacked Cobble Te, bE aes SEN muita Coe ae Parag 8 5 ‘ AAS ENCE OOS
Lar Ea enervaad lett.on Sunday for Fort |secured. Futher examination reveal- Bee penn albdctatpet toes freak Tow, yoarae Godtrdsting: ne polalen et Planing Mill and Lumber Yard + Lee By Ey. Be
. ; Cc »  Werds. eight | SOME * : 7 wetted phate 2 ARRISTER, BOL

oF ee cies cay. the omar that ae reals at different points “in ti@score in sround; retigeniions Scarep, for]the two great parties, and. closed an 5 - ; > : AD» Kingevilla. entre: oe oP ert saith eno

Gaeilge ond of tat me fot the cab Deven acon wore re | RELI IT om meta [We on wou o_ an cepa AMHERSTBURG, ONT. co JAMES 8. LATED,
a ob Srotive sarvice ubthe, front. Dr, Knapp edt and the ‘cable Is now in goed Saad elena ra 25 Ae candidate among the Conservatives. d Pitngincer.. Onin Surveyor and County
thu) ~ was born andl Pree Aad sy at many wor' Sear tcdy: ought to take m big | bushel; British Columbia potatoes : a Ww. a oe. cone ae : atalrs) sj fowner Eos’ one Block, (up
» A friends in Wyandotte who w 0 letick and get after the writer who $1.50. Winnipeg, Man.—British Co- ladies on the interest t hey are taking, 7
ay his ‘career with interest. He was mar. dates his letters by using « number lumbia Ashcrofts, $1.50 per bushel. Joaders of both shades of politics who . NE WMAN,

IVIL ENGINEER AND “ONTARIO BD
SURVEYOR, Drain:
Craui Block, Windsor, BEES eee

b ried a few weeks ago to Miss Irene| vei + a 2 z es had united in a union Government, the ‘ : ‘y °
S Tanglols."—Wyandotte Herald. Ito designate the month. ~ The , busy = Farmers in all*parts of the Pro- newspapers for: thelr, falrness on this Royal Purple Stock Specific

5 0 rith- | vince are enlis r @ astically :
m2 —Men.who have been categorized | | businessman has worries enough with e¢ are enlisting enthusiastically in great question of conscription. and

     

 
  

      
        
         
       
               
      
     
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
     
     
     
         
   
   
    
  
    
    
     
 

 

 

  

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

    
  
  
    
  
   
 
    
   

 

     
        
      
   
 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 
     
    

 
   
    
 
 
     
     
    
  
  
   
    
  
 
   

 
   

 

 

    

   
 

  
 

    
   
  
   
 
  
 
    
  
     
   
  
   

 
 
   
    

out having to, solve, after mumbering | the campaign to rafse hogs’for the. al- Sar 5
pak ADeee ane a hee meat the months on. his. fingers, whether /lies, and thus help to meet.the food hopad NE ee on the a R ~ C Chi k F d “ CLARK & ATKIN, wee
bear - py aaa an La ahowal to jets com. {11-10-17 means “November 1th, 1917,| problem. Ins response to the appeal share - banish a OEE IES J 4 ou ure, 1c ee 9 {| TE Ginse ate encats for Essex County
1D i Be hante units if the unit can make use }®r 11th Qctober, 1917. It wouldn't be }of Hon. W. J. Hanna, Food Controller, J.-E. Brown spoke briefly, withdraw- vit og CHARLES CLARK, Guonan ATEIN.
hris: 3 of their services as orderly room {8° bad’ tf éverybody observed a unt-]and Sir William Hearst, Premier of ing the namie of Dr. Foster, 1 Stock Specific 5 NA
nt t ‘clerks, bandsmen batwen, etc., and« tit form system of giving ‘frat the num- Ontario and Minister ot Agriculture, “The boys at tlie front are looking a. : . BE UD,
Ber tue authorized establishments in this ber of the day of the mamth, then the} meetings. were held in every county] i, the people of Canada to do their / : I nn py
mon «Sept aa "Abacheg "runner ofthe, mont andi Sarfati rouay oven Ht [i aad Hon Bear netic t= <Calt Meal & Worm Powders... [jessie ssimberes™”
ong nouncement, made in camp orders: 7 hse ae : Sel ep ee tis tt : : mid, Provincial’ Minister’ of Public vSon :
sis £ makes it possible for men who are {n ithing eee ge aS oe ee oe combine ar Sry commits pws Works, who-was list speaker. » “Im- 4 a hae JOHN READMAN,
on. cathgories B. C. or D, to join combat- ae aah 3 See pe png pe 5 mediato reinforcements can only be ‘ L k IVER of Marriage Liconseafor the Count
a. | ant units, whereas formerly they were | ple who aro ot owerly busy. E Bis eat Sat Ca Departs sont by adherence to one policy, and iniment. Wig 5 Harrow Ont, y
niec limited: to -thenonmconibatant’ unite,) _—The privilege off full registration | ments, .allgt- whom have. te cont) that policy 48)that of Sir Robert Bor- - .
Diet % éuch as the! Forestry and Army Medi- [es ie precinge ane bateeee ee peon Demos of “" favanera eed ae: don's Uniohi Government, ; ¥ 4 High’Class Ihonumontesg Speotalty.
m r % i. t extended Sto Victory ,Loqh bones ¢ sere) 16. Bagex County meetings) ~Taurien will not send them, H Sa
ie Fae ecg districts In Ontario whore {$50, $100 and 360 denominations. | was held at Essex and the discussion has told the world so in. this shante Zs W. Te. WILKINSON. LEAMINGTON
rs. the Canada Temperance Act is in ef:|Previously, the ‘full registration privi-| brought out many points of a startling |festo, in which he sald that he would HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE. Granite and Marble Works
rs. 3 i fect are not subject to the much more lige? of both prinaiipal and Jn Serene pas regarding the lack of food In prevent wilitary service ‘being en- Phono 97 = x AMHERSTBURG h -¥ ;
We * étringent regulations of thé.Ontario|4id not extend to bonds below $1.90) Canada and (he British Empire. “This |rorced- in. the ,evenb; of his being re- C, A. CULLEN, Proprietor, .
r, C @emperance ‘Act. *> mM consequence | denomination. Im consequence of this |weék township meetings will he held |i ured to power, The great name that “ Write for Prices. .
’ ih thiar ic arite vhile i slo. * a aK. -", = E }
es. guests at a standard hotel may -have | jdecision the Dieputy Peake isu BF oynich an de speates Le, the wa Canhdian soldiers have won for this webs ees LEAMINGTON, ONT |
ber 4n their rooms*or in their possession AEE Has rege ie non ot rarsitie to et Late 7 ecene! ee Dominion, will be bipckened, if al,
" a fy . son. | cept. subseriptitr ‘0 D 3 ats ‘very cone iP) ST, 7 d s a 7 - .
edie enter rp one iodtrRauit nt ented, with full registration privl said uta Canada is 33*millan hogs ae ministration controlg. our bepeneeets reer seer eee J SUTTON & SONS
Soar [ok oie in he ~ if so) desired thy subscribers. (© has! short of the usual production at the ; “ 2
Lent penalty give liquorto another person.) i og teen decided to permit eudacrib-[-present,-and the object sought at} 4 U.S. Example, Sufficient. 4 t ' Funeral Olvectors
puck So long as they d6mot traffick in cleo- ; ; 10: 4hede satinekais k : The fact. thatythe United States
g.tc. nolic’bevérages they do not breakethe ers to. make ; payment in full on De- a : oe x eae. oo ‘make up this passed ,¢ompulsory’ service legista-, +f [es At Rae Loc leslved? An
s Jaws “Justice Mastem in a dectston4| Cember Ast, iif desireds upon the basis | shortage by — every ody keeping al tion should be,’ enough proof’ for t ae .
4 fj es leulated.as oa) Janu- | brood sow and raising o Jitter of pig 143.Quallotte Ave, WINDSOK, Ont,
orm © which he handed« down at Osgoode |Of the figures ‘calculated as organ witshimented “ 3 ich "th DIES, | Vaurler and his following that the| + $s Phone 35, the ;
as Hall, made a ruling to this effect.?  |8TY Ci eS 2 Leathe vintls ] EES ae i. mene Ge ker thin any | voluntary system of enlistment is 28 Weare carrying in stock for- immediate avery the
BEX —Henry Ms erkcha um, former postmas- C, R. Tuston, mayor of J aaa “ te sinkaea = rT arO- Sera roa cel both unfair und inadequate, He knows| +. > following : + :
Qu held for 20 years, ~ dled dni Tuatraday: ade to lim to feed the \ ALDABE at urements that the price | 4, (iP pandering to his compatriots in Ee End matched Ha: spit flooring 4 ; 2
ane morning of last week after an {llness,)f9 SWint and that {f the nieasurg is fot nogs would be set at 310 Im the} Oyebec, with whose help, he believes'| + fpiloke. 4 8, W.& A. RAILWAY
ya . = carried ot if will save the city near | United States, and it is more than prob- eS End matched Hard Maple flooring 3 FE: pass
dst extending over-a year.” He wis born’ ait hin the tfat Scable thattantit pe Phavaslinw and® hopes. an anti-conseription Gov-| * thick. . 2 or
‘thi. at Belle River’S0 yeurs ago, and’ lad iy ae pacar ik Sonnet serail innate Guatione cruorn eo: lice crnment wilh be given the reins of of: | 3 End matched Oak flooring 7-8 thiek. > WINTER TIME TABLE.
ext dived ‘in the vicinity his entire ‘life. |@ten of Cre prese aot ee ae 3 BH fice. % Bhd tnatched Oak Nooriig. 78 thick. t ; 3
Fs * $ ae tproposition is ins Iiné With the propa-|prices*here will drop to fp level that =. +2 sant " ’ -
t ‘His _wite ae v0 YeRrataRopue- Is lrandi emanatimg from Food Control | Would.méan producing hogs at a loss. No Difference to Jimmy. * Pare) Onk_Yenosr Doors, Cars_run_on Eastern Standard Time. =
3 . survived by one brother, Israel, in‘De- ' Hii ae ‘ i * : & K 3 Thmmyaiigd oe come! up. to ine nelp + “Panel Blo Vonses. Doors, In effect Ot*. 10th, 1917...
jars; 2 troit; tliree’ sons, Edgar, of Belle tease ee BS a. poets as etic ~ ere. voephe ations ane sroairddo Thi 1000 Pino Doors, different designs t Windsor Amherst-
te! River; John. of Bay City, Aich., pb or-two ago, the Kedding of city gurhags| ESSEX COUNTYSCASUALTIES. | studies at school, and un explanation Re Kentucky Oak for {hterlor finish. < | to Amr? = burg to te
Lee Sylyester, of Detroit; and four daugh- | ied fora ve ry costly gutbreak ; was demanded. 2 Southerm Pino for interior finish. herstburg. \ Windsor. :
, i eoter and roe a edtalaee all of: hog. cholera {n Essex and Kent] Lieutenant A..E. Smyter-and Priv-} “Why ‘is it?” inquired the irate) Bprugg, and! Bouthorn) Mine tiporior Em ; raat
—S SEED tralt and Mrs Brena of Del- counties, and iif this would accur again | ate Alfred Greenwood, who Jett Wind, | parent, “that you are at the bottom of a end 8.00 i 815
ray The funeral was held Saturday |!t Would very soon offset anything sor-with *the Ninety-nintle Battalion, } tb class?” * #492 t 9.00 ‘ 9.15
y: 4 AVA st  \eulned in the way af increased hog} have becn killed in action, according “I can't seo that it makes any dif-] + From one million to two 4 ae
miorning at 9 o'clock to the Roman production, . The @anger of causing |to word recelved if Windsor Fridpy ference whether 1 am at.the top or] % 11,00 10.15
¥, elle ye Ser- on, La. . a 5 a, § iby. a “992 . 7. “
. eae ee fyi. F iaes “ig fi could no doubt be overcome Formerly “employed at~the Home the bottom,” replied Jimmy pacifically, as million feet White Pine and et p.m.
ecu iLHeureux. by treating the gurbage, but that in| Bank, Walkerville, Lieutenant Smyter| “You know they teach » the samo at 3 : ; Hemlock always in stock. 00 aa
bs pe would sbe almost as expensive | W48 one of the first officers. assigned | both ends,” 3 - —_—— - eee 400 145 F
{asprocess a3 incinerating it, which is;*O the Ninety-ninth Battalion, which | = CONKLIN PLANING MILLS | s ‘Kingsville Ont : 500 BIE ‘
jdone at present. ; was recruited and trained at Windsor. «ANURIC! P- 1 600 : cae ee
—Ontario civil smrvants ‘eniled up }He—leavesa- wife and four brothers, DEALERS IN. LUMBER, LATH, LIME, SHINGLES, 8 CEDAR. wOEys 7.00 we 7.16
under the Militery Service Act’ will|three.of whom are with British Hat- THE NEWEST 9:30 815° ¥
not, it is understooil, receive the md- talions in France and Palestine. tsa eee Se : ‘am: 11.00 3 re
dition to thelr military pay given to Greenwood's wife, Mra. Alice’Greon- : F : = bet 12.40 :
bll civil servants wiho enlisted under] W0od. and one son, live at 182 Dou- DISCOVERY IN C IN CHEMIST Y|= ee - SS] Express car leaves. picnscke “Wina-
My e

 
     
    

 
    
 

the voluntary system. Since the he- gall avenue, pasate. He tame to 5 sor, 6:

lions supplemented the nilitary pay war. ro
Pt ee coe ase RNa ESRF Con We Not Tempt You To i tmae semmate
income up to the hevel of their: sal-] 8x, of the Scottish Borderers, and N. Y. Expernvents At rc Pierce's

aries before enlisting. “The matter! Private Addison Mills Burns, of 37 ospital for 1. ) ANDE z
has not been considwred, but I do not]Moy avenue, Windsor; have been ad- = -

Proved that
thing, we could make such a proyiston| mitted to hospital suffering from gas there io oer elimina Por tices | Taste the Goodness of Our
: ae ee See

 

 

 

 

  
  

      
    
  

    
  
   
   

for drafted men,” said Sir William} Polsoning, | casily symptoms of inflam-
Hearst. “You see the circumstances ——— mation —as. backache, scalding urine
are different. That arrangement was Teo K and frequent urination, as well aa ees |
made to encourage nen to enlist. It oo Accurate: ment i ‘the urine, or if urio acid in the
would! liardly be fair now to the pao-]| A scliool teacher was endeavoring} blood -has cansed rheumatism, it is
ple as a whole that mem should re-}to make clear to her young pup‘le tho] simply wonderful how surely “Anuria” | ;
celve extra pay sinuply becauss they meaning of tho word “slowly.” She} nets. The best of resulta ae always |
happen to bo in the Government ser, walked across the’room in the-man-| obtained in cases of acute rheumatism |)
vice,” ner the ‘word indicates. « In the joints, in gravel. and gout, and
| —With the recelpé of thirteen claims “Now, | children, tell) me how T} invariably the pains and stiffness which
for oxemption and ene report for ser- | malked.” so frequéntly and Istently accom-
vice Friday, {t i@ Delleved that the} One little fellow who sat near tho | pany the « idly . cs

front ‘of the room almost paralyzcd| Go to ne ‘ and |
her by blurting out: : simply , 50-con of
_ “Bow-legged!” |" Anurio,” ; i
Se : or seni

Hee fi
ae

 

  
  
 
  

  
 
  

   
    
   
 
 
 
  

   
   
 
 
 
 

  
  
 
  
 
 
  

      
  
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
   
  
     
    

      
 
    
  

   
   
   

final figures for District Nb. 1 ore all
in ond that the registration through-
out> tho district will run fairly high,

although by no mea#ns 100 per cent.

a at firatereported. The final figures |FOOD PRICE CONTROL »
that 81.147 forms have been sign-

ORDERED IN DOMINION
; y eligible men in Class 1 in this i
Reel district. Of this number,|. Tho powers of the Dominion Food })
80,066 aro claims for oxemptions and | Controller aro greatly widened by the
1,091 reports for Service. That the|new order in. council promulgated }*
the registration is by no means com-| this week in an extra of the Canada| q 4
plete i4 indicated Hy the names of} Gazette. ?
scores of men now 1 the hands off He may, for instance, prescribe
{Deputy Registrar W. ©. Wismer, ot} tho maximum amount of )
London; who have not yet conformed produce that may be
‘}uith tho act and registered, Tho staff }sold by aay person, as woll aa fix the
: bas the ai ates Registrar is now sort- paving profit or the maximum

i and fling the names of mon who| of such colnmodit D :

nine Oe; See AG Ch WHALSRNS {AY ‘

   

The supe slots busily on which a > will readil re-
tele te Gi ese you 4

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-llke. flavor,
go much desired, ee found in mgee Bread.

  

 

  

 
  
  

   

: pe ‘BREAD +

 
   

    
THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.
WHEATLEY.

G. G. Woodward, who has heen
manager of the Merchants Bank here,
ance Jast April, left Sacurday for liz
new position at Newbury,

William Malott, who has spent the
summor fishing in the vicinity of
Cedar Springs, has secured a position
with the Brunner, Mond Company at
Amherstburg, and left Wednesday to
enter upon his duties.

The following enumerators for
Wheatley and Romney, have bean ap-

The Mixastca o Fiance offers for Public Subscription

Canada’s Victory Loan

$150,000,000 537% Gold Bonds

Bearing Interest from December Int, 1917, and offered In three maturities, the cholce of which is optional with the subscriber, as fdlowss

ty

pointed to Fevise the voters’ ‘ists in
preparation for tho approaching Fed-

 

 

‘tair, in advising boyr‘to
wid this: ~Among ny
and \sis-

body-ouilding. do
Moro perve-bu

er grain that grows.

it human dict compares
oats. Nothing «cleo

Ople buy this food
oatmeal mudo
the plump and the
worthless.
le from the creat- of
62 sitti Only ten
re food enough for use
ult is a rictiness and
and the. maximum

Eapltcits quality, costn
ees Docs it pay to

SPORTING GooDS
iLAM. Limited

BLOG. TORONTO.

RT RAND
DIRECTOR

nbahmer, Sy st.
ihe ip 0 20

TOLAN.

Abeer of sais
foatimonias
roth, Main 53.,.Kingevilio

jege Licenses.

Fleket Agent.

=o.
gat se

day or night.

ALICATEQNS, a8 thoy
seat of the disease.
od or constitutional
to cure it you

“ ly, and
i mucous
h cae fs not

folans of this |

th

\o-

eral election:

No, 1, J..M, Edwards; No.

Wheatley, J. W. Ken-
Romney, Polling Sub-division
W. A.

nedy.

Robertson;- No. 3, G. B. Wright; No.

4, Jolin Featherston;
Robinson,

No. 6, Thomas

LEI

TILBURY.

George Wright has purchased the

farm of J. Sheppy on the Sth conces-

sion,

Tilbury West. Mr. and Mrs,

Sheppy expect to leavo shortly for the
Northwest.

was bofore Magistrate Callwood

‘Thirty Years

CASTORIA

wHe CENyAUS COMPANY, NEW VOR™ City.

CANADIAN NEWS.
PonalideMacLean, M.P.P. for Sasia-
toon, was elected House leader of the
Opposition ia.the Saskatchewan Leg-
Isleture

A lynx moro than five feet long and
weighing 40 pounds, was hot by ex-
Warden Ferguson. jn the township of
Yonge and Escett

Antonio Fabriano, an elderly mer-
chant at Welland, was shot and serious-
ly wounded- by two robbers, compat-
riots, who entered his store. .

The Huntsville Local Tribunal mem-
bers had a lively. struggle with a
young farmer whom they falled to
exempt, and had to call in the Chief of
Police before he was overpowered.

Five hundred Lanark county far-
me paraded at Perth and drew wh a
resolution to send to Hon. T. A. Crer:
ar, Minister of Agriculture, protesting
dgainat non-exemption of farmers.

The body of James Powers, member
of the Royal Flying Corps from Dever-
into, was” found lying beside the
Michigan Central Railwiy tracks sev-
on mile# west of Chelsea, Friday; morn
lig. ‘ .

Farry Bunn, 87 years of age, “test
fon cf a prosperous farmer of Watt
township; whs, found drowned in a
Inke near Bracebridge; he is: said to
‘/have worried over the prospe:: of be-
fag drafted.

Gol. “King, 31 0. FL,
arines, “ealls attention to
percentage, nearly 70 per cent., of the
young men in Canada, found physically
unfit by the Military Board Of Medical
Examiners,

W. F. O'Connor, Acting Commisslon-
er on the High Cost of Living, states
that butter and eggs ore beine, un-
justifiably. accumnlated and should bé
placed on the market, Jowerlng tie
prigos.

The body of Judge Duncan Morrison,
of Prince Edward County Court, was
discovered in the Bay of Quizte close
to a wharf. It is presumed that, un-
able to sleep, he went for a walk and
accldentally {ell off the pier,

Wounded: Canadians new ‘recciving
treatment {n lospitals in Great Brit
ain numbored on®the 26th of Octdber
19,225; men returned from overseas 28
unfit for further service and now con-
valescing in hospitals ami sanatoria
in Canada nuniber 10,199.

Pato: Jeloff, an Austrian, and Neola
Stocoff, a ole, were badly beaten
and robbed of about $2,100, whith with
$1,070. more they were carrying abaut
them, hnving withdrawn tt from the
bork, fearing tag Victory Loan was
some form of covfiscation.

It is announced in the current innue
of.the Canada Gazette that at the
request of the United Stetes 2uthor-
iues, notice is given that persone ¢n
route from Canada through the Unit-
ed States and to another country must
carry reguiir passports, which must
bo approved by the U. S. conbuis in
Canada. - ;

Alan EB. Kay, of Toronto, is dend,
and ©rawford Hopkins, Toronta, a
taxi driver, is lying seriously injured

jin’ Victoria 1 ital, ss a resnit of
the touring car in which they were rid-
ing betsig struck by a fast eastbound
C. Pi R. passenger train in the ssylum
grounds, London, Friday afternoon, _
“ Winnipeg city — policemen ,. joined
forces with ithe military constables to

‘I

Mrs. Frank Labonte, Tilbury North,
on
Monday on the charge of. striking her
motherdp-law, Mrs. Thomas Labonte.
Slice wns released on suspended sen-
tence, 2

J. A; Magee had a nasty accident
while}crossing the Tilbury West and
Rochester townline Sunday on the
Middle Road. He met a car and be
ing blinded by the Nghts ran into the
bridge. The members of his family
were not seriously injured ‘although
the car was badly damaged.

a

KINGSVILLE.

Charles R, Jackson moved in last
week from his farm east of town to
his home on Spruce street, which he
purchased last spring: from Mrs.
Prangnell: - He liad previously over-
hauled and improved his town prop-
erty. Mr, Jacksor’s son will occupy
the home place, P

Miss Willa Yeates, who has been
visiting with her osister, Mra. (Rev.)
George A. King; for several days, left
for Toronto Monday last, She grad-
uated as a nurse Friday and has gone
to Edmonton, where she will visit with
another sister, .Mrs. Truesdale, for
some time,

At a meeting of the Horticultural

sclety, lust week with the president,

E. DeLong, in the ehair, the offic
ers for last year were elected enbloc.
The bulbs ordered from Holland were
réported to be In New York and are
no doubt on thelr way here,

Mr. nnd Mrs. Forest Monk, © who
have been residing .jn Kingsville. for
several montis, have moved .to thie
4th concession, where they are Aaccupy-
ing the Jackson Gascoyne house, Jate-
ly vieated by Mr. Gascoyne, wht has
nioved with his family to Kingsville:

A presentation of a gold ring was
made to James Scott, son of G. C.
Stott, who enlisted in the navy and
left this week to begin>iiis duties, by
the Soldiers’ Welfare Association, ot
tin Informal gathering jn the Masonite,
alub rooms. Mr, Scott replied t6>x
complimentary address, bearing evi-
dence of the good. will of the assucit-
fon’ and of. appreciation of tis mnily
"de on

Lily Rebekah Lodge No, 49 made a
shipment of ninety-six boxes of Christ-
mus goods to the boys at the front.
Each box cointained one box sardines,
one cin cocoa, one yean condense
milk; one-half pound loaf sugar, on
packuge smoking tobacco, one -pack-
age corn flakes, one whiting pad, one
package envélopes, ten candles, lend
pencils, handkerehiefs, one pair socks,
one package of gum and cough drops.

Tho Victory Loan campaign opened
up. with a :rowe liere- Monday morning,
All the whistles and bella in town
were lét loose at once, ~The racket
was sgomewhatestartling. People fan-
cjed there wis a very serious fire.
Everybody within a radius of; armile
of town {gs thioroupglily awaro thot &
Victory Bond campaign is on. *; The
people are responding very well for a
start. One canvasser reported $18,000
subscribed the’ first day, The progr
pects are that the bond dssué will be
wéll subscribed to in this town and in
the townslilp of Gosfield South,

= Te

MACKLEM DEPORTE
' "BY U. S, AUTHORITIES

‘Omar “L. Macklem, who has been
Jionized ‘in Detrolt for several months
as a colonel in the Canndinn army, |
and who mado numerous addresses }
before the Detroit, Board of Commerce
concerning his war experiences, was
deported to Canadn by Federal suth-
orities on Thursday. The deportation
followetl a short examination before
United’ States Commisaloner Frick,
who based his order on’ the technical
ground that Macklem might become a
public charge,

Macklem has finally-admitted that
hé had no right to_pose’ as a colonel.
He now confesses he was not entitled
to wear the uniform as a staff officer,
im ‘Which ‘he masqueraded in the. old
country, Ottawa, Toronto, Washington’
and Detroit. It was all o mistake, as
he did not hold a commission in any
branch of his mojesty’s sérvice. :

All. Macklem's ‘bravado has van-
ished. He hog dropped the mask of
amMfitary pretensions, His gorgeous
uniform hemains only as a memory of}
days that are gone. “His only rank is
that of a dischcrgetl private.

==

4

mS SS ee ea!

4)

This Loan fs authorized under Act of the Parllamient of Canada,

§ year Bonde due December Ist, 1922

10 year Bonds due December Ist, 1027
20 year Bonds due December Int, 1037

and both principal and interest are a charge upon the Consolidatel Hevenne

Fond.

The arnount of this issue is $150,000,000, exclusive of the amount (If any) pald by the surrender of bonds of previous leraes, The pnister of Finance
however, reserves the right to allot the whole or any part of the amount subscribed In excess of §150,000,000.

The Proceeds of this Loan will be uned for War purposes only, and will be spent wholly In Canada,
Principal and Interest payable in Gold

Principal payable without charge at the Office of the Minister of Finance and Receiver General at Ottawa,

$50, $1

Denominations:

‘$500 and $1,000

Subscriptions must be In sums of $50 or nultiples thereof.

or at the Office of the Asistant Receiver

General at Halifax, St. John, Charlottetown, Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg. Regina, Caleey and Victoria.
Interest payable, without charge, half-yearly, June let and December Ist, at aay branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank,

Bearer or Registered Bonds

allotment in exchange for provinignal receipts.
they may be exchagged for bonds, when prepared, with coupons attac

prepared, Without coupons, in

Delivery of fi:terim certificates and of definitive bonds will be made through the

Bearer bonds with coupons will be jaued jo denominations ef £59., $100., $002,
tered bomds, the interest on which is pald direct © the owner by Government cheque, ¥

multiple of $5,000,

Subject to the payment of 25 cents for each new bo
of the denomination of $1,000 with coupons, and;holders of bonds with co!
{nations without coupons, at any time, on application to the Minister of Finance.

Woldérs of Dominion

have'the privilege of surrendering their bonds in part payment

Nonda,of the yarjous
made abroad, accepted at

Free {rom tares—!ncluding czy Income tax—Imposed Jn pursuance of legislation

ATF pa:
payments tabi
Ubrougs the rm

Inc

Sub a
this providion payments of tir

ents are to

dium of a Chi

2 of partial al

Forms of-ayplication may be obtained from

The books of the Loads will be kept at the
Apollcation. will be made in due course for the listing of this levue on t

Depart <1 o” FoNancr,
Orraws, November

Many a serious “iWness has Been
ttvolded.,-hy the .prompt use of Dre
Williams’ Pink Pills: \ These, pills
actually enrich ana purify the blood,
and in this way buildup the system.
tone and strengtien the nerves. and
invigorate the vtola ergana.

Serious diseases -general'y come
from some simple disorder that has
been neglected. Therefore any thin
ning of the blood should he looked
upon a8 a warning sign, and more
serious {illness “should be avoided by
the use-of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills»
In thé case of young girls and women
the blood 18 peculiarly Mable to get
out of order—to becomé thin and
watery—and to lead to a general
breakdown {n° health. This can be
avojded by the occasional ube of Dr.
Williams’>Pink. Pills, which are suit-
able for the most delicate constitu-
tion. ‘These pills will give. ‘you a
new appetite, improve your digestion,
tone and strengthen weakened nerves,
banish depression and Inck of energy,
clear the complexion of pimples and
blotches, cure pain in the back and
general weakness, .causg,the disap-
pearance of headaches, dizziness ond
heart fluttering. Give’ these pills ao
falr trial) and <you will soon note a
wonderfal change in your conilition.
Your spirits will brighten good health
and strength will return, and you will
feel Ike anew person. You can ton-
firm these statements by enquiring
among your friends almost anywhere,
as thousands and thousands of hope-
‘Mess sufferers have been restored to
new health and energy by using Dr.
Wiliams’ Pink Pills. —

You cnn get these pilla through
Any medicine dealer or ‘by, mail at 60
cents_& box or aix baxes Yor $2:50'
from Tho Dr. Willinms® Medicine-Co.,
Brockvii«, Ont. *

 

——— a

¢ ~
LICENSE FOR COAL DEALERS.

Drastic regulations in regard ‘to tuol
are announced in an order-in-counci)
just, passed ab Ottawa.

, All importers and dealers in coal
must be Vicensed, and application must:
he mado for such license beforo No-
Yember 30th.- Heavy ‘penalties are
Provided for persons doing tusiness’
‘without: this permit. In. regard: to

to forfeitire, ahd: the allotment to cancel

ipdions may be pall in full on J:

Bonds may be registered as to principal or as to-prit

Scrip certificates, yon-negotlable, or payable to bearer, in accordance with the cholce of
F When these acrip certificates have been pald in full, and payment endorsed thereon by the bank receiv

accordance with the application,

hed, payabim to bearer,

ocipal’and interest.
the applicant for registered or bearer bonds, will be Jesued ofter
money

sa
or registered’ as to principal, or fully registered bonds when

Chartered Banks.
and $2,000, and may be registered cs to principal only. Fully regis.
Hil be issued in denominations of §1,000., $5,000. or any authorised

nd fasued, holders of fully rexiitered bonds without coupons, will have the right to convert into bonds
upone will have the right to convert Into fully

registered bonds of uuthorized cenom-

Surrender of Bonds

of Canada Debenture Stock,

Debenture Stock, due\October

War Loan Bonds, due’ Morch

maturities of thia deve w
par ond eccrucd Interest,
2

due October Jet, 1919, and bonds of
for subscriptions to bonds of this

Art, 1019, at Par and Accrued Interest.
War Loan Bonds, due December Int, 1025, at 0754 and A
(The above will be accepted in part payment for bonda of any: of the t

War Lo ds, doc October Ist, 1931,
Se ae tendeetae i ttt 1097, at 90

(There will’Gemaccepted in part payment for bonds of the 1037 maturity

|, In the event of future {evaes of Iike maturi
as the equivalent of cash for the purpose of

the three preceding Dominion of Canada War Loa Issues.
issut, under the following eouditions;—

cerued Interest.
hee maturities of this Tesne)

at 9716 and Accrucd Interest.
and Accrued Interest.
ONLY of this Lasue.)

ty. or longer, made by the Government, other than issues
subscription to such issues ‘

Issue Price Par

enacted by che Parlament of Canada,

Payment to be made us follows:

106%, on December 1st, 1917
196, on January 2nd, 1913
20% on Kebruary 1st, 1018

Afe

Ist, 1915.
Ist, 1918
Ast, 1913

20% on March
20% on April
20% un May

Thalf year's Interest will be pald on Jat June, 1913,

The Bands therefére give a net interest yield to the investor of abouts

oO.
70

5.61

on the 20 year Bonds)

5.68% on the 10 year Bonds

5.81% on the

be made to s Chartered Baal:

artery Bank. Any branch in ¢ da o!

lorments the

i balance of subscrigtions may) be ie aa follows

If pald on Jan 1,
Vf pal
If paid on Murch Ist,
If pald’om April Ist,

the credit of the Minister of Finance. ~ Failure to pay.

Subscriptions atcompanied b:
any Chartered Bank wil
~annlicd toward payment of the amount due on the January instalment.

on any inetalment duc date thereafter under discount at the rate

i oat February Ist, 1918, at the
1918. ut the rate of 59,72274 per $100,
1918, ut the rate.of 30.90950 per $100.

any branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank, or from any Vietory Lean Cotmmittce, or) member:
Department of Finance, Ostawae :

5 year. Bonds

any Instalment when doq will render previous
a deposit of 10% of the amount subscribed, must! be forwarded,
forward subscriptions and issue provisional recelpta='y

of 515% per angum. Under

1018, at the rate of 80.10705 per $100,

rate of 79.46059 per $100,

he Bfontreal and Toronto Stosk Exchanges.

Subscription Lista will close on or before December tat, 1917.

12th, 1917.

HERE JS ONE: RECIPE
FOR USING CORNMEAL

_ Commeal-con bécome popular on
Awhentions days, not alone as jolinny-
énke or’ pancakes, but as fruit bread
or gems. Its wider use will allow
more’ wheat to go overseas to ‘the
warring allies and at the same time
will improve Canadinn health.

Apple. corn® bread was judged de-
liclous. by those,who tasted it fn the
baking wlaboratory of the Ohio Experi-
ment Station.
cups of cornmeal, two tablespoonfuls
of sugar, a little salt and-n teaspoon-
ful of baking poWder, to-which after
mixing \1 2-3. cups of: milk wai added.
Three .tart sliced apples were later
added and the mixture was baked for
80 minutes, Fruit gems, made with

riisins and currants, seemed even bet-
ter towome tastes, +

WANTED HIS NAME IN PAPER

A remarkabte I{bel suit’ wna tried in
London, Ontario, last week, when ex-
Alderman WiMiam ‘Wilson —sued-—the
London Free Press for constantly
lenving his name from the columns of
the paper. He had had a “difference”
with the Free Press while he was in
the council and after that his.nome did
not appear in the paper but he was
merely identified as “the Alderman”,
“another Alderman” or “the snme Al-
derman.” The Jury could not see that
he had any particular chse.and a\ver-
dict was rendered for the defendant,
and Mr. Wilson had to pay the costs.

WINDSOR.

Pleading guilty to stealing 24 calf
skins, valued at $160, from the Wind-
aor Hide & Wool Co. warehouse, Glon-
garry avenue, Windsor, Emil J. Droull-|
lard and John Hamel, Windsor youths,
were remanded until noxt Wednesday.
for sontenco by Magistrate Leggatt in

| Windso rpolice court. The skins were

|stolen’ early Friday-morning. They
were recovered ‘by Detective-Sergeant
W- Read and Patronman Deacon,

————$————$

TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS,

Owing to the fact that the coat of
white paper has advanced more than

fone half during the past year. The
Echo ‘has to bo more careful than @
of its stock. For this nes

It was made with three }>

|

The Gum of Gumption
Cleanses‘ the ‘teeth—sweetens the
mouth—allays thirst and fatigue. —

The-Forces in Europe are finding it a
great comfort.’

=
,
r
|

It gives them vim.
and staying - power.
‘It is. refreshing”
to workers * _ -

everywhere...

Smokers will
find it soothing
and cooling

atts. brokers must not ‘get ‘more
)} than 20 cents a ton for their. services,
|} Wholesdlors ‘not niore than’ 365- cents
And retailers not more than 60 cents.
||. Regarding hoarding of coal, it in
eT ks Aeon Pc ai the

: » Api ‘September, tn-

consumer hi

Ser
of an ent

“gnd {a a regu comb fhe city for Class One men un-
sompossd of the|der tho Military Service Act, whovha
ombiried with the} attempted to evade ‘conscription b:
a, acting: ‘} failing to register. ‘The civil and mill.
e porfoct| tary authorities, acting on tcloarauhed:
ingredients |Snatructions from Ottawa, began to.
re-|eost in. tho street all young men who
or Lappeared to’be eligible, All who acted |
¢ wT: ven Sc avamitacy yollop teas!
CO,, 'Props., 5 it to city an Dol ;
Ba «rape for examination, — ;

0 Peason we like |)
all other papers, must adhere strictly] ©
‘to the Paid-In-Advance ¢ystem, and
‘subscribers. who wish the paper to
continue on without any break, are
requested to renéw promptly. We
readors,

are endeavoring to give o
value received every week,-and we do
oe wes anyone to miss any copies,

 
  

F PAGE FOUR

   
         

 

 

 

 

 

    
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
   
    
  
  

 

 

 

 
 

 

     

 

  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
        
  

 

 

   

   

          

     

 

    

  
 

  
 
  
   

  

 
 

    
        
   
    
   
 

    

           
  
   

 

 

   
  
 
 
  
  
 
    
 
  
  

    
 
    

   

  
 

      
   
    
    

    

 

        

    
   
   
   
      
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  

         

 

 
        
 
 
 
  
 

   
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  

     
      
   

   

eeereeerecerereterrrenc (cor TT HE E CHO pts hee
i —Hadley Hall Monday nigiit One Windsor man {8 reported as ( Vv rar
Publishea by Mrs, Luke Ouellette, sr., is soiously | killed’ in action; one as having died of | , I | 4 ‘
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limite} in witfi heart trouble. _ wounds; and several who formerly re» i ti ‘
O Amherstburg, Ont. Red Cross meeting will be told. at|sided im Uils vicinity as wounded, in
J. A. AULD A. W. MARSH, the ‘Tomple, Wednesday, Nov. 2Sth.} the long casualty list Jasued Monday Ease ; Ae
oe I Mr. and Mra. James Martin were | morning by the Militia Department at Th t’s the Kind of a Store We Keep.
Vv % HB es OR , Seo'y-TREA) sunday visitors at A. B, Ballty’s. |.Ottawa. ao = al —_—$<$—$<<—
a cs i bed Miss Vidlet Amlin, of Anderdon, was Pto, T. W. Seale is reported to have x
z te ele Friday, November 25, 1917. the guest of Miss Viola MeCarthy, Ws {boon killed tn action. Pte, D. Marcus |° thks
4 S | E t di i : i Whal Wad eu week. is reported to have “died of seit us is
Chales ‘halen, Warden of the | —Miss Lottie Botsford, of*Sandwith,| Both gave thelr address as indsor | °° {
‘ he a eC X Yaor inary z County, is ering a special meeting | yjsited at her brother's, Walter Bets- | at the tile of enlistment ‘ 3. When you buy anything here—-Groeeries Table Sup- (
j . ee l|or the, County Council, to meet on | ford’s, Friday. Prod, H, Boll, assistant teacher at * s and Shoes, Caps nderwe: r, ete., |
oe etc oe | ‘Tucaday, December 4th, to wind up the | Jacob Snyders’ sale should have }’the’ a © Colleginte Institute, res Ki plies, Dry Goods, Boots a » Capi on aie ar, 5 a
ct a business of the year. been billed for Wednesday, November! ceived nape Tuesday. that his ROB; you can depend on getting 100 cents wor ‘or every jol- . i) i
= = 7% eee 2eth, Please note the change, Sicnaller J, W. Bell, of the 18th Bat t ae : - }
ey One of the best manufacturers with. whom we deal ef - = Do you appreciate cheaper table} tery, ficld artillery, had been wounded. | lar Bpent. ae oh
| -officia! nominations were eld | supplies? Read show to reduce the | Signallor Bell Is 22 years of age, and’) J, At the end of the year you will be.a handsome amount
MG < extensively has sold us a set of his samples and we have | throughout Candda Monday. The Ui-} cos: ¢: jiving, In S. Allen's gro>vy] enilsted two years ago. cs ki a
: : lion Government will be opposed in 95} cycaring sale advertisement on page Pres, A. M. Brown and J. Kitm-] 3, ahead, by making |
placed them on sale. : = = per cent. of the constituencies. There Mrs. Snell will be at the Home of] shuk, of Windsor, are reported as t THIS STORE, YOUR STORE +
| wero twenty acclamations, ten being | \rs, Nathan Brush at 2 o'clock p.m. wounded. & a | |
“ | Tuurier Liberals in’ Quebec, nine Lib! on friday, November 30th, to organize coe ee) —-- x pense —— 3 j
They are mostly in French Crepe de Chines, but some $F) crab niosists) aud=ong Conservative- | Red Cross Society. All the ladies McGREGOR. % i =
Soe é 2 2°) Vaudonlst. are welcome, ole
ae SB
‘ c +e =] r i , 7 oc James McGill. contractor, Is plac Fs ote e a
ry Ny S ; av rionts roide . > fayilles of Michael Delisle and ‘
other nm ukes as AD) ell. Some have oric ntal embroidery. a The Henderson report disclos ing a cement top on the Gott bridge, Lee Araguittn hare Saved to ee le ; a
thers beadeds*some with lace thers with lace sits: of | tte operating costs of  reta Ys 8 Big Creek. The council intended hav-7 yi jaso,. ce i
others beaded;*some with lace, others with lace motifs; F| conducted by the Davies Company Jing, lim bull three mew “enc. | Joe Colomb has moved tack from) Phone isi AMHERSTBURG
1 y Tl ‘| 1 tt iu amount of about 20 per cent. -Thot Is bridges, but feared that a weather} ing city and is occupying his own | 9% +
some with mourning A “near y all colors, a pretty without the average cost ofsretail store ser would become too cold before they } x BU 5 Se a
Peal vice, and discloses what the consumer | wore completed. : owas Eueno Cadaret, of Maldon, Ix ieteteteteteteteietniededetototetetetet poe Ser feferloclonloefoote 1 : :
exception, almost; no two alike and ne ‘arly all sizes repre- ofe | pity for one big i nk in the di stribu Fe Nyomg ally AS aon i a as seriously ill at tho howe of her father. ee: fare
| tion system. ite, Henry Batsford, has arrived 1roM | \iytoe Prieur. Z ; j
sente 5 Sit . ‘ ——— Bowell, Alta., to spend some timo with aT k Meloche ANUCTION SALE ‘ Ave TION ALE .
sented. 58 btouses.in the lot. ao eranamidthion, Bree Botsfowl ade | a7 Asolph Eenigai ui pranie ie be b : A ’ 4
BUYING VICTORY BONDS. 2 ee : eloche are now employed o b . OF Farm Stock, Implements, Ete,
3 necompanied his aunt, Migs. Dell i © RK at Amherstburg, “hate ling’ At e x
S ve a Dollar or { WO ) The people of ratburg, Aniler- aiarks, 2.00 nee PAREN Ae Patra there through the week tnd comivg| Farm Stock, Implements, Etes|  zyere wilt bo omered for sale by Public
- |don-and Malden buying Victory oer Toe prt summer in Albert®]) ome for Sundays. Aueton at Ns le dot ga is. xn igen, on
3 | Donds.generons scalrondy | eet ler. Sishe Mrs. Nowh Villon, who for years was ich i olforeil for Sule vile ul
Every blouse is marked a dollar and a half to-three oa qhaeallprt ra ahi d rete | Mrs. Ross Hunt. not with a mishap |, renident Dee ateedlacrcte died stalls STE utr Se Font Or Ante rt, oi LR etd ee vas ‘
very se is arked ar i Fi z re he allott f “ oy ate > sxei Q ‘ Atrict, al z ¢ ol a q 8.5 Fi «, ware: ee f
ae ays e aes : : : 8 is being taken to promote ee aan SON eee ~ home of her Caughter, Mrs, Poole, halt a mile South oF Lukerville, on Yr fiay Morse, 8 years olds, {Ages
: This 4 1 : he ¢ ty fet arose LI og enter falkerville, Tuesday of las rok, DECEMBER 2rd, 1917 Horses Mich Cows “(all milking { |
dollars below the regular price. This is a rand chance ad sty a a Ouse mistook a telegraph pole for the Pike one . u : ae reek 2 a ~ wade ae ATS EUN pasa Grey Mare,-7 | durtain “pull, 2 years onl: o. 2-your-old ‘ F
= ‘< ing fully : - adhe aged years. Tite remains were] The following proper 1 ‘ ne Stecras 1 2-Norse’ corn, Cultivate 5
‘ x8 oe : : a aeod within gnd hen the machine got bac a yrouigh ore on Thursay and interred | years old, welphing 0 Ips. 1 7 Planters f Gockshut ise (ne ; 4
u 1 ow une 150
to secure Christmas giflts--distinet from the ordimary— om, by tho (core firma aenin tucre was some Fe} in the local cometery, tho pallbearers | Maurse, Alene a SO vitaral etn 1 old Dise; ering Binder (near) Pi.
‘ > We = pair bilktospay. . The ladies were More |) wing sj = sao AUTOS ATC. y The 1 Doorin , G-foot cut; 4 Grain 4
an : ine frlehtened than hurt being six grandsons Woalstein € ed ta be sad Drifl; £ Heaping Machine; Dump Cart; 30 1a
and a:decided saving. barn.  addith SA HERATGNT Gone Goathldcn, SE Grover Poole, Earle 1 l at halt jana Durkivor con tae rimory Hay; set Tron Drags. (5  ser- “i
; ad resi, there were | Joseph Be ON 6, Malgen, >| Pillon, Frank Robidoux Aarne PAS Loe ie apheael ritoad Cart; Democrat; Top Bur i :
itary , during ‘the chang ae © Behoutan mia : lon. Mrs. Pillon was born, in Maid: \AciiNEnY—t Prost & Wood Grain Wa Le LUMI OF NV ARCS CIDY oe i
ef ing of which + ve speecl : as afr Barronta ftenlth fees and. lived and in pinde rat eS au Se eer 2-furraw Plow; new. Walking Plow: ap
! : ive n the Bont) question by is quittit aan Tancanil gor until 16 years ago, shen nat ates. See roniitarnawa sa. 00D Mows: Fanning wi ian i :
: yor Hou yor Park, Mr. Kn Sa Eero a rometh an® |remoyed to Walkorville. Her jius = (hor WW 1 Vint Wack: £ Wagkon eee 2 shel ~ at an ; ve ;
b | Wednesda” evening. the-town Th re is epee elie SOMCEME | she ds survived by four dauga bemnarrats ET sarin oe Stone. Naat: nee Bravaie patie Taken
j s crowded to the d Sinee Aa: jisteecend ai fade Mrs. Andrew Robidoux, M sits of Single neaS rn ee hundred other articlés used: round
: ¥ eting called te iise) Victory spatter ent oS). SINeSE | \irs, Poole, Walkerville; Mrs, Wr. | i- Batining A ae es ait
is See rae : (oF adils. (oenTE” cost of _cyorything, we Tucier Ford, i : i | at Se mis 1s Ge hts pes >

    

na Pipes: 7 Imathy Has 1 Eo
MWulled clev mros (Or Gorn, Salo starts at 1 Olclook P.M, shurp.

“LIMITED.

     
   
   
  
     
    
 
  
  
  
 
    

presided and in

M. McGre- jaye degided,to sell on stric tly a cash]

 

eenu. Winds

    
      
 
  
 
 
    

      

 
   
  

   
       

        

 

   

 

        

 

  

 

 

        

mast ¢ , ( ¥ } 1 y
9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Aye. Reonath Rani r | bale witch: will cable ws to sive lwindsors Noah, inmnoxquarterasin: 8B Vorks; | TENMS——All) swing at or under 840, cast:
WINDSOR and Jude ole map | pstter services at weleker prices. DUS tse \s and MALS © over, that amoun® {2 months’ credit oa
Lue 4 os te ae Niele cae dapat > livery system reaches every part of ated a » Sharp. Tarnisbing approved: joint notes, or: 6 per
« musitul nunibers were § t 1 promptls P. J. Reaume i NS=SAN SiT if or under €10, cash: |eent, pensanniim of for dus on Sums en-*
i j more, of Detrol * r = = dren. aver Unt ano 1@ roiniths* -eredit On ithe to-eredit. =
Amlierathure |: the-Cash Grocer, sitpcoa Strect., An = - ee furnishing approves! Jolt notes, or G per /OLANK & ATKIN, JOSS D,. DANKON,
(eon NEL ond: Gi | herstburg. Tlie Food Controller's Department | Sout, her anny of fortcash Gh sums en- Auctioneers, — > Droprictor. ri
), DoE. and Girls) "at qe rectory, Ayhersthurg, on = Ge nsec culls ‘
T. Gregoty. of Loam: ee - beh ee oe Tht ee he is thinking of bringing potatoes from HEARY BURNS ant ge oe
appear, but wridayé November: 16th, ate Nf ars A.) Prince Edward Island to keep down /@LMIK XA TKIN, FRANK JARE, jrockvillains have been assured by
id the | Wright miited in SS Miss a Péices in’ Ontario, und warns growers).  Auetloneers. Proprietors, the Minister of Agriculture that_thero
clavenco® Mr, [1¥2 Secor, edaughtes of Mr. and Mrs./{o put their stocks on the market or Se is no hope for higher export prices on
McGregor to remark tit dad it bean H. Je “Secor. of Detroit, to pratt A.| maximum prices may bo fixed: John Wood « young man of Actin-| cheese.
a “Ford”. iv would shave pulled fir ||, ruton, of Malden. Mr-stnd Mrs.} py reason of a clidngo in the King’s |olite, was driving along with his wife j aa
THIS WINTER ? y throurhe hoa en cell ait , (agin ob > in| peculations through an order-in-coun-|and child when they — overtook two —Arguing that fruit Is a luxury and a
| ty Amhirstburg, where he js ervployed | (jt: age Ottawa, officers and sold{ers|young lads with a gun.- One of them |not a necessity, St-sCatharines tribu-

 
 

tote ihat

  
  

Mm MoG UM, tor 5 rT ord]
i wita the Brunner, Mond. ‘Whe Echo] yi now be able to attend political pointed jc at him ond the gum wag-)|nals are said tobe refusing exemption

to date]

     

   
 

 

         

 

         

4 ni 7 é u bed jn Exsex coun FAnTC. (eL ae (hatin i
Then. Study your Table Supply interests by visiting Sl. oe er gs ou, ow) peag: tho largest (eee eA fellctattons. oc eye| Boseine™ charged, kiling him. 4 to-trult farmers. \
ALLEN’ 5 grocery during his BIG CLOSING ‘OUT SALE which | 01 county in ul Province. ¢ | oortlt Lengué-eo be present’ at the ”

opens atl] a.m. SHARP ; | 1s eae | Langue Rally tothe leldi in Malden
r I], ang ‘Deeurged upon a" Methodist church on Su aday evening '

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 23. sth a ec eae

rte} a {are planning or a; ephendid service, : “
wef the Brunner hai su yout _ ,
The store“fs being closed and everything must ¢. | $100,000. dyes SRT Ea Tall erate ea HE apes hs “SATISFACTORY CLOTHES FOR DAD AND HIS LAD
, ity. Cc :

   
  
 

     

ra r at th Bed ant young of ihe. Cor get ae
| fina aioy an evens vee We) Wodeyate Price -is Not The Only Selling Point~

   
 

 

   
  
 
  

  

   

     
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
 

   

         

   

  
 
 
   
   

       
      

      
       
   
 
 
    
       
   

  

       
         

      

 

      

    

   

  
    
 

 

     
    
   
  
 
  
      
  
   
     

      

  
 
 

 

   

 

    
   
  

    
  
  

   
     
  
  
   
    
   
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
  

 
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 

    
   

      
   
   

 

 

  
   
  

& be soldat hich accounts for the followings sacrifice ee
fe were a Ted. ¢ mania 6e5 ah ath omize real
+ ces: an yassoul and) DOM 000 moreé ie ‘olloction, Grace Martin, Président.
- , Was ‘Nogy > feould be socurod}n thls was, | aBtock up agninst the days to.come; | fy Phat M anes Them pies r able--
“ = a a ate eee fe a Geotce Boak is wing with a good : f
Petey f@an Corl .....-4-- Nena ic Tos peicnes He Bike a lucid jar, the hole llaeal of prida975 bushala of Lasetnd
af aS, rs = Fa =. ont, delivered t = i = Ser AT id RR
obs Can Peas .....+--++ ceca estes 206 > Vie tae i Lata. Girt ad corn which ie Brew on 4 deres
ot a 3 < mae 5) i ; on the old Honner farm, now owned x 2
= Can Is. Tomatoes 6 Rade tde Bete campaign lere be carried by Chpt. M. H. Mahom, The ears are ™
3 with Considerable more force
See Gan S. JTOMAt@eGS en a5 ane oe ee eee ise arene Ds asian _atkgios st pert Gt. anduwihile the kernels
‘ + + Pe 5 : ayia > 1Se ‘ jape-tull of moisture mt the base, Mr.
+ Can BATS osc GSR be as Wa Ree ey UE a. ¢ j| Bowk "ayill take special carey tos dry
ce s@ain- Cherries 722-055 +. ieee Ce Le we Ce the sead thoroughly Ibefore it is ex-
eet. Blackbertic ae ae ANDERDON. | posed to freezhig weather
z + Can. Blackberries ene ee AUC GS coh ed | The action of the Amhemstburg Ex-, “Is The To ic Now,
"~ ‘ani 20 z Isc Hadloy Hal) Monday night omption Trity sadly interfered with 1 :
ae) . :
oa oan, } ay $ Re Walter Bapstlias Ipleted his work | the manreg rangements @f{ Leo Pa-
£ i an Peat Ne eee has . 3. 50 > c for Fred. ville and is:now busy } Henry Paqwette, and , ‘ Ke “ ‘
eae i. PY¥rup >... Sat ne ee ea se ee ad 32 e tiling for Frank Jubenville. = va ri, of Andedon, who fn the’ firat place our Overeoals .
pe ¢ . , : a eae # AMTp. and Ae Spraph in Deaudolh | deoened part of wisdom to’ post- 7 “chas ro ceqarde Tak
z SAN Gree rae aaa soe, oe \ + o0e and daughter nd isney pone their wedding, ‘Which wae ne |e purchase hefore garden mak, :
 ~ Cornstarch .,--*..+--4- Rasen os o 2st? : ARE uh ee apd Loul af unted for 2 el hgcnuse Mr. Pa-|ing time. last spring; we had -the
ee : ‘ . = to Windsor quete was caught in the daft, his | yp; : a 21 ‘
lo # es y » 1 pa
x x \ BV BSD CEN ees Bese ner nee | Lhe a of. | ae renl. I plep jor exemption. being denied. The |? ady money, and spot cash looked hes (a)
fe > All SOT. S~ . ae  e Paes (Ga PR "Ge ej tion sale ne ’ 5 | members oftlte Botird are-by no means good to overcoat makers; and the fa »
‘ ) . ee a ix Tth, at 2 pum” No reseryC.a ¥ first aids to Cupi d. oe <2 e
t Heinz Soups ~.... +--+ oa ~ wee Vit yy is moving Lo Windsor. | We Wednesday contained the quantities that fe purchased cer-, «|
> #leinz Spaghetti" 9.....2....-..1b¢, 20¢ Se. 17¢ eee tis es eu foe | cul No. Se afulte, oF vai| tainly allowed ts special inroads on
> ; «..} a ¥ 10 at ie Indsage have Malden, V8. Sel-l4he- xo A . =
> * Red Rose and Salada-Teéed......... : Me negtte of tlisir Gxempt 4 K.-O. de awl Loe very best materials. "
%, Pepper; per Th. %.. «Hey. op hoes Be e tse [tury serview pravided | H. Rodd (Windsor). Ap. |
+. 7 “7 : 35 ym idantifrom—judgment of! The showing émbraces correct .
& Mustards. per ID... Se es on OE Bae Ds yon, appreciate. chi 1817. “Aetion to raéovex he owing é orre :
Ries, per Ib... 4. 2. 106, 136 mbit iv, 9c. 18 az Read how -to | moneys of school section ab.) models for.men of all ages; models
Py wes, is ‘ ot diving, in S.Allen‘s | tol been—wrongiully— pala
ye CE 5. Seal Brandottce ee Re tig sales dvortisement on pag lout by defendant. ~At trial judgement | /O" the extreme dresser anc the ae
ate CRTC. oat rr ee No nage ee A Oe 30¢ nst-the days to come. | wafk ) plaintiffs as askéd. Partly | conservative man. ‘There are-*
le rae : ‘ aN } ex, Boyer, id stands until after gencray c
- Bulk Wea, Green. vy 562s soe s es 35 ¢ Be ie t. Mr. and 3 7. school meeting in January, and they 2 AY ‘
fo irae ikke sea. oso oe DO * te © z ‘| to he reargued if necessary. y ULSTERS SEAVER ; .
a Bulk. Tea, Black... . 0G, 4¢ + | children were | ‘The. Malden, Athlete Atgpelation| ppp o Pee ae a 2 x
: Olive’ Olan 3 os <> Bip wis sie sie « «ls |0€ 2 he on guests of Mr 4. IsractRen?) held thelr annual banquet at the home TRENCHERS MEL LON a,
i. ive Oj “3 , a ee ee BOC i We yaw on Sunday jof Mr. and Mra. E. H. Bratt on Wed- ar Bd ‘ , as SU A hie
‘ye Oliv 2 Oil aie Y Sale i By: oe + | Messrs. “kr and Ouellette, who nesday evening, November ath, sin FUR QOATS E RIEL 2 ee
ee OlivG, OU 2. eee 1 Aes eee TY “ey linve completed thelr work of can-|the form of «duck supper. Practical BOX COATS ,. TWEED _ F +
Criimbles ‘ “ket ok on ie “| vassing the township in Uie Interests | Jy alb mem s who could possibly at- ” »= ?
a eames z ; ve lor the Victory Loan, haye* reported |aend were present, the guests in all AND OTHERS. AND OTHERS
4 ’.
Cream of Wheat. : = Oe a, i> | tnir sucee omething ina@the nelgh-|numbering about seventy. At seven : ‘
; « borhood of $5,000 wastsubscribed and {o'clock to a beautifully nd iT
o> y i i = aes Se Ke ae y arrayed anc > 73
bane ee t Be ae RE ge < ue = 7 many ee ol prospec 2 vie Me ale Y, mts fe ne the guests sat The COLOR MANGE . wide +
wi In. 0 ES ree ene 3¢ we ¢ Sunday visitors at—Spraphin Beau |atown to do" sistice {6 our aquatic
Purity Oats 200 : 2be (loin's were Mr. and Mrs. Roy Bene-| friends: «After all had partaken of the enough to, please the most aatis
: bi ota i alee Sead eae ip ery 5 tenn, of Windsor; Albert Meloche and | delicacies a  splondid program of taste and there are over 1,000 Over- }

  
  

son Burnet, Raymond Laframbolse, {games and music was given under the
Martin and Normin Gibb, Norman and,| management of the social committecy coats to select from. The price rémge

, Shoe Potish eT a eS ae Ee A ee ie
: Rose Deslippe, Louis Parent; Cecile | Eunice Enderby, Laura Sellars, Grace | spells REAL VALUE.

Black Cat ~. Sas

     
    
    
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
 

 

 
 
  
  
 

  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  

Non-Sttch ........4--- ea wee 12¢ Benetean, Mr. gud. Mrs. Hector a au- prot May Atkin, Norma McGee gnd 5
: ‘ 2 a doin and Wallace Meloche, Katie Bratt, to whom great credit ir
Large jars Peanut Butter...-+..-. 30¢ = « 26c Joseph D. Barron, con. 6, Malden, is|duo for tho splendid success of the ee
OWES Css ces rete e h  DOO ES advertising 1 big auction sale in: this} social side of the Association. At & .
Olives Ease 13 issue of The Echo for Thursday, No-| late hours the festivities came to ) to 2g X
Oh igi k Se SSD, TRIO 1 CAT RT 2 Dost is gt Ne vomber 29th, A#* Mr. Barron's health clege, all feeling that they had spent a ;
met PUL a5 7c Ia failing le {s quitting the farm anda very pleasant evening. ’ #2

     
   
  

 

 

  

- Soda Biscuits, BOX... seer seers

_ Sola Biscuits, per tb be 8 A charmingly girlish: joking bride}

everything will be sold) without re-
was “Miss Emma Paquette, » seconil

serve. There is sure to be something

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

UNDERWEAR) “GLOVES _

 
   
     
    
  
    
 
  

 

Allen’s Cream: Baking Powder.... 20¢ lbe you want in the list. Read it. sauna of Henry Paquette, who was
= Neulizing that the credit business | married Jat the R.C. church, Amherst: ee
‘All Soaps, per case... wage $6.49.4 $5.90 adds to the cost of everything, we] burg, on Monday morning, the 19th of The advance guard of Win- phere is a difference” In the kind
of gloves you wéar. A difference in

 
      
   

 

ter his.made-\ts appearance
and we have tlit right sort of
Underwear to carry you com:
‘fortable through the Jong}
Winter months. We have all.

  

November. to Ledson Deneau, son. of
Jchn P. Deneau. It)was a unique
wedding. A reception was held at lior
sistor’s, Mrs. Fred. Deslippe’s, in ‘the
afternoon, also in honor of the bridvs-

have decided to sel) on strictly a-cash"
basis, which will enable us to giv
better service at closer prices. Our
delivers#system reaches every part of
the town promptly.  P. J. Reaume,

looks, service and value. You'll find |
the, MORE kind. here. . ~

—_—_——

“Bente” Mocha Gloves

    
  
  
  
   
  
 
 

   
   

 

Lenox Soap ......---- Be $9.5 hd

_ Remember thessale starts at 11_A.M. sharp to-day.
- (Friday), November 23rd.» 6

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
   

   
 
  
   
 
 

     
       
     
  
   

 

 

  

    

      

     
        

‘ Stock up for the winter and reduce the High Cost ng an Grocer, Simcoe Street, Am- melabe Mis ae “4 arthy ae aol at Wi ihe ferns Thovo well madb gloyes of Mocha |
herstbur, ia! aughter 6 . raun, an helt ol ie bes 00) For- in- 4 °
of Living. Phone-orders receiye prompt attention after ie FS raieatlovlile . groomaman, Edmond Paquette, brother} | st Tes are wool lined and confe in sizes up

of tho bride, Ag they were leaving the),
church they were greeted by a | Ls |

    
     

Wilfred Meloche, grocer, is moking
extensive improyements to his-store.,

_ to 10%4; wonderful 00
-TRU-KNIT values at Noyce ehe foe
—_—_-

     
  
 
  

      

‘that hour. ta = 2 eee

 

    
    

Both our grocers are kept buay. Ray-| crowd with showers of rice and — VIKIN Pear cite
mond Benetenu has moro than ho can} whites. They were chaaceatpored {a : Lae See “Perrin’s" Driving Gloves 4
do with his grocery and grinding mill, | the nine-fifteen car bythe i jute ; so _ These gloves axe wool Ined son.

—Romi-A. Beneteau, of the 2nd con-|feur, Orval McCarthy. 2 Bee pcan _| made with “%
cession, Anderdon, 46 contemplating |¢s to the altar we Gestan aioe =G ars a
moving to the village and become. part- ‘ 2

nership with his son Raymond.—Louls | arr
‘ Doles, pros ot Rov. barre 24 eae

as gone to Montreal on ess. Ho ons were
: | oupetite to como back hore after the} of the young br:

New. Year,—Mian © Claire Bondy ‘and } tiful bluo

-|/Misg: Louise Lauzon are in the Hotel piotwre ats,

|) Dion hospital, “Windsor. Both ‘the brid

Se erate

anode
 
 
  
   

  
 

a

~ There’s Only Two Things in Most Overcoats

One is Yourself, the other’s Your Money. Now in the New Overcoats we are

showing there are three things---the third being that indefinable something that
distinguishes them from the common horde of Overcoats. i

YOU YOURSELF have admired_some coats and never had a second glance for others. Those you did ad-

A ‘mire had a certain snap about them--they were swell, swagger, smart. There was a dash and crispness in
their make-up that savored of an artistic drawing. Such a coat not only distinguishes itself but alsotheman
who wears it. Suchacoat is the kind you want. Such a coat is the kind we have and wish to show you. alae»

___ $10.00 to $25.00 “3
0 6 W, R. BOYCE & CO., Harrow.

 

mer THE. AMHERSTBURG ECHO, ;

 

ee

 

 

  

   

       
     
   
 
   
    
  
     
    
   
    
 

 

  

 

 

 

 
      
       
     
  
        
   
 
  
   
  
      
 
   
         
 
  

    

   

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

 
 

 

 

 

   

   

  

 

 

         

 

       
  
  
 

 

      

 

  

 

 

 

    

   

 

 

 
  
 

 

 

          

     
 

 
 

 

 

en nD ABEBIOR 5 : 3
4 : THE ECHO (S THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH. oe eae :
4 — ————————————————— oo _— 2 > “2 ad os ‘s
* obebeopded bb ERLE EE EEE EEE EEE EE (ea een || PELEE ISLAND. , e 3 fe “ =
+ + | my " + } a
- HARRO VV ° <b For Quality, Variety Style | Mr, Brault, of Amherstburg, and Mr, @ ew et 0 Ist ymin 00 \
petecbeopebeeebobeede tobi Pb bt bbe he eb of OME SEE | Goldstein, of Montreal, have been on | ‘ A
\ ‘ 1 } ( Writing Tablets the nd looking over tho tobacco " " -
{ Hadley Hal eadny night. \ i on > r * . + ae
Hadley Ha cpent over Sunday in {cana batanayaaecd® [stth unaiid. "38 conts Was offered, Dut A fine collection of the different bindings.
Ars, & €nno + . . i : ao far no sales have bee! ay <
the lity. ; eal 2 Svo them for yourself6a | Miss Mamie Srigley, who formerly | Be sure you see them now.
Mrs. Harris ja very low at the home |fived on the island but who now re-
. of William Snider PEAR THE SENTINEL STORE {fides in Essex, is paying her host of |
F..J. Stockford’s are moving to s\m- ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW. \friends here a visit. She will return
5 ; herstburg, this week. ae Pcie ES, |home Tuesday, We can supply Churches at better rates
. Mrs.*Harold Montrose, of alker- - -_ The announcement of the marriage } than he can secure AY)
i yille, ia visiting among relatives Heras +. ace Jot Capt. J. C. McCormick, formerly of t y c else here. ;
| fe John Tomnick. a pare a PAGEL EEA SEEE EEE EEE FE | Pcloe Island, and Miss Alice Luclllé — :
native of Polagd, las opener oar le 5 *{Meno, of Detrolt, has just been re- . a .
repair shop in the Bell block. 5 A COLCHESTER SOUTH | celved by your corr, who immediately ae ae
) y Herbert Richardson moved 10 pie ibid phbbelebe bet eetelbdetek | sent congratulations. “Here's to_ you, 4 i
{ villago this week and are occupyms | . P jJay, ind may*your shodaw never grow ‘ ‘ ‘
Fr the Herdman place, whlch he bought. | Hadley Hall Monday night. — liana. AE ‘
iz Jacob Snyders’ sole should have| Darcy Bondy is on ate sick Bee |The war will end somo blessed dae :
bedn billed for Wednesday, November| Miss Anna Craig and frien ' Were} «ome day the strife will cease; thie - x :
- 2 Pleaso note the change, : {Sunday visitors at Ivan Bondy 8 Jiings will put thelr guns away, and | E. f o DARBY, HARROW. ‘
a Bayes, accompanied Miss Elsie Totzlall lett St tO | hoost the boon of peace. Tle captains | DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STANNONERY
t Mr. John Readman and |spend a week with Detroit fr ends, then will drop their tools, Which made | y nee r :
; sons, 2 N Bber,. motored to| ©, Lounsborouglr, 1s confined to the )ihq world forlorn, and drive their | NOTARY PUBLIC 6 g
udgetown Sunday. i house with an aRtats ses ee 13 | toand of sorrel mules along the rows of | $$$
kK 7 The families of Orville Wright and|>-Harry -Pigeon’s eldest daughter “Is | corn’ While still the tide of battic ‘ 5 iH
af le J. Snider are moving to Amberst-}down with an attnck of pneumonia, rolls; nile Still wo hear 0 ‘din, it AIOE esos esforfonfooferfonlectonfeofecterfoofonfonfoeloareofersorlectoelooieeseeter
ts ~|purg.- Both gentlemen are employed) William Pollard, gt alkene fs ms to countless weary bouls the Ks . eee ‘
. ag the Brunner, Mond. {spending a week at the home of bls) war jias always beon- Three years | P f al P tr ti d ¢ d In t t
i Services as usual in tlie Methodist | father, JOR. Pollard. ~ \they say the strife has raged across | 4. rac Ic a 10 Sm all a 00 ives men "
chureh next Sunday, Rey. Dr. Huss r} Phillp Ferriss, the oldest man in the \ihe mourning seas, but it would seem of ‘
will preach both morning and even-|township, if not in South Essex, 18 that war's been waged for three etern- + ‘ee : ~
j ing. Eyorybody welcomp. jvery poorly lities. The days that reek of blood and Sey &
| Corp. Eric Rogers was called to Lon-| Mr. and Mrs. Ollie Agia have moved |fears pass slowly o'er’ the stage; tole Let your Dollars represent you at the Front
d cont Wednesday to undergo auother |to Ammberapburg, SLs LEO 18 weary hearts three gory yenrs. be- | of. that Democracy's forces may triumph.
physigat.oxaom ination. He is gradual-|employed at the B. M. Co. , come an endless aga. We'reylooking | ef. ]
iy-reydining his old time strength, ~Mr. and Mrs. D. Keane and Mr. und |rorward to tho day when peace with | $3 : BU 5 . 4
Mithose “knitting for the Wonten's | Mrs. I. Bondy, of Windsor. motored /jonor comes, when kings will put thelr | of. <oee Y VICTORY BO fe i fe
* Institute’ and baving kujtting, finished |to Thomas Craig’s, Saturday. {swords away and sell thelr — battle |g ‘s J
will’please bring it in by the first ot} Jacob Snyders’ “sale : ebauld the drums. fe P f 5 did y
NY December, as we will pack tho bale |'been Dilled for Wednesday, Noyember| ‘Tie steamer Pelee is again on the | of ‘ 4 gah :
oe thon. jasth, Please note the change. | route after being in the drydock in De- 3 ‘ erlect ecurity ne! Splend Interest. ; *
a 7m »| Harrow Baptist Sunday school wilk) Two cars of pent ray landed atliroit undergoing repairs, and after | fe ; a bi F
i ¢ “ee sr iy give their Christmas ‘entertainment ; Mars fleld, this week, for shipment to|hep triy to Leamington she steamed |e yy ibe 399 yr y
i Any £ ide hes on Thursday evening after Christmas, | De: The grain was grown on ©. /io Sandusky for coal for the township. | of Home of Goo® Ents” W.S.T.B.
4 Deceniber 27th. A good program is|D. Babb's farm. ; | ne fe HARROW Phone 5 1 » wae
/’Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Lockwood, of | GOSFIELD SOUTH. 22 Pa b

 

 

* y
Oo being alrendy propared.
othing Else The big free picture show advertls- Windsor. were at his fathe

. ie * e ° .
| SS If the Kaiser Wins, ,N
j 4 Ing Vietory Bonds put on here, Wed-| wood’s, over Sunday. Tho latter con- Jacob Snyders’ sale should have
|

, BE, Lock-}

ecedeteetolebeetebelebotobeioleietntel bie ebdetoteletoiet

  

Z °
Matters. Why delay, doing your bit TO | nesday evening drew a large crowd j tin in very bad health | een’ Dilled for Wednesday, November
: ’ eS; jfhor ming ensoy d the slog ae | st mf, and Bes Buller, Maa 48th, Please note the change.
2 drank in with erness the explana-) Mrs, Jon aT ae > Parse» K! Jsuac Kennedy's 12-year- 5 e

defeat him, another minute. 7 _ |tlons of the big bond issue made by [Butler spent Sunday at O. Agla’s, | teow a TEsbIe. fel SO ee
; 2 : ; }tlo various speakers, be Mrs. Agia’a_ birthday. ‘ His arm caught on a nail and tore a
Bond-sile is golng,onq George Byron, who Tas beon M-for | dreadful gash between the elbow and
i8 now confined to the |\rist that required six .stitelies to

walk. HI3 | ofore. ‘

?.
fe

elon ee iehehbbbbnenebbibnbetbt

      
 
   

The Victory
lavith Increasing force. Canvassers dtuss)} some months,
and Ferriss haviitg procured $40,000 | house and unable to

|
é i } {to date. On Thursday and Priday of | friends will. be. sorry t hear of his} Joseph D, Barron, con. 6, Malden, is
} | * |mextiweek they will besat J. H. Ma-}continiigd illness advertising a big auction sale in this
| 7 ee : « jdill’s office fo récieve applications of} All cal huntors arpived home from | igaue of The Echo for Thursday,” No-
4 nd oyestefaay (Thursday) |yoamber 29th, As Mr. Barron's healtlr}

.
i | i¢hone Whom they have not yet seen, |tho northinr

 

 

 

  

ROO Sn

     
 

   

GENERAL HARDWARE. : lor who delayed their decision. Buy a}bringing thelr full quota of big game, |i, failing be Js quitting the farm and
WARROW > Victory Bond to-day. i jwill go to replenish ho tables of }gyarything will be spld_ without .re-
S } The Leamington Post: had) tho fol-|} many for days to came. serve, There |g sure to be something
— $< lowing note of local interest, Jast |, Den Marontate has opened one of|you want in te list. Read it.
Tip week: “Rey. D. D, Burtclihas accept- \the most“oxtensive tiling campaigns | Klondyke, 5
‘e

in the township, ‘having purcliased| yr, ‘nnd Mrs, Edward Grainger and

7 ra f jod the 3 7 r
q i J 2 pastorate of the Palmyra Bap
Your E es Should: Be Looked After! tist churéh for the winter and has en-| three cars of tile to put,on his form. |yrionds, of Windsor,¢spent Saturday!“
. ‘ . Formers here are Mive’to*the great)q¢ John McCrac’s.—George Graiager, |
‘

o$
2

   

5 |tored upon the duties of the same.
A person is just as old as his eyes. | His house will bo occupied by Mrs, jbone fits to be derived from) tiling and | sho is working in Detroit, spent Siu. |

slorleotente

aro going into it évery season day with his family here,—J. R. Shaw, ;

    

 

 

 

,, a {James Menzies and children, recently ; more
Are yours causing Headaches? back from China, where Mrs, Menzies | _ A yery suodessful Victory, Bond | of Ottawa, spent Sunday with b 7
Consult our Oculist. pvas o-mnissionary.” moeting was held_at Oxley on. Tues-| yin, Jolin McCrae.—Mrs. Garlick, +
r ne Commissioners Clarksand Upcott re-| day night, addressed by O. B,\Floming | petroit, spent Sunday with his aunt, es
Aloxantler’ Simmers. Chas, Bell} \frs. George Grainger,—Drayton Lar- |S

 
  

 

 

   
   
    
       
 
 
   
   

  
 
 
 

c within a few days. The {driven home with force/and it is ex-\ing the summer in Parry Sound dis-
been’ completed and” a|pected that much ‘good will Feqult | trict.for his hewlth. -

E FREE leelved the Cedar Creek - bridge on |and |
Wednesday and {t will be throwm open|was chairman. The message Was) amie has returned homé after spend-
\ )
on

 

Trinity.

sl has Alrendy bet put on, |from the meeting, ° }
or car i the station to) Farmers greatlycenjoyed the twenty-| | Miss Myrtle Sweetman anj her

a {= ~ .
n etd i
Frida { 1 a! unjoaded. The whole work is ajone good days in November and kuc-| friend, Miss Pauline Cummiford. of
5 - Meredit, to’ tho- contractor, James Mc-/ceeded in completing muchof thelr | Windsorsspent the week-end with the of
full work, delayed by ‘a bad October. |gormer’s parents, Mr; and Mrs. George

J 1 a d Optician | Gi, and to the commissioners, Reevos | Help will the War to that extent. x
eweler ani } No *|.Clark & Upeott, anier whos ve.|Mucl of the land lias been fall plow-|Sweetman, of this place-—-Mr. and Mrs, [J , EF .

Harrow | vistibn it Riche) Pe ate, Super) id and-if there is an carly spring, the woe Bailey aT: ae en nee ie. We will take Victory Bonds as payment at par any - ‘

| /“Bahand Belt” should be right to the }Ipndo Balley art four children spent | % time. That's ,jhow good the investment es

ehteen month: Se charmed (2avertising a big aucfton ‘sale in this Pound evenl Aur I inte : ‘ = 9

eighteen months has borne a charmed’) sie of The Echo for Thursday, No- TeonlisaeMy-and irra opnardasace : e \ .

Ss, ‘

¢ BUY YOUR * ictory ond TO-DAY =

Wright, of Oxley, is visiting for a fow >

Jomes Drummond recelyed a “trench |
3 is in our mind.
_—<—<——— 5."
| \life in phe frdnt line t thes. . Pete 6 '
HOME \anys thut Ife never 16\F battuce and sif6 jvember 29th, As Mr. Barron's health )pnd threo~children, of Harrow. spert
1 “gaderground” sceme" to ule hinialle lis falling ho ts quitting the farm and*
' ything will be sold without re- ‘

‘sye with her daughter, Mra. Lercy i
GaSe push arg dete tary: Pare Berey and help win the war and end the war.

  

ou cannot take $10,000worth take $80 or $100

ert

   
 

 

    
   
   
 
      
    

 

 

       
   
 
        
  
    
  
    
   

 

  

A 4 ;
jo ES letter” *‘Tucsday from Péter Fleming; | 70" in greater production next yoar. | Sunday with relatives In Moxjea.—
—_— SERN er resident of Hnrrow, who fom} Joseph D. Barron, con, 6, Malden, 16) Te Epworth League: wil be itld on z
Sunday at Phaen Wig’o's.—Mrs. Tins.
‘was through the bloody battle of Viny ore There is sure to be something

serve.

 
  

  
  
 

 

 

 
   
  

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
   

 
   
   
 

pee : 5 eS 2 \Ridge and escaped withor scratch, }5
ee - pads R Ho paws a Mribute ar Pre Inte youswant in the list.” Read it. Allen.—The threshing is comp{sted in ’

i: * Hardwood Floors in Your Living Koom, t Ruasell Fox, of Amborsthurg, at whose |. The many frends of Miss 8. BE, Wil-| this nelghborhood nov.—Mra.-Norman = es ——

; " qlay Mlarawoc 4 Béd Rooms \aide he was fighting when the former |80n Will be pleased to know she has Her ands daughter Gladys ond Miss . H
{ Dining Room and . received his death wound: “Russell” |beenablo to return to her parental | Eliza Drake and Wim. Henderson, all ° . H Madill & Co ‘wie ARROW
Ss ._§pend.a_few dollars doing. this and \ho says, “was the gamiest man in the home: Miss Wilson hag been a patient jof this place, spent Saturday afternoon ve CY s ~ Spee, ONT. a

‘ Itt add at feast $500 to the value regiment.” at the’ Essex County. Sanitarium and‘}in Windsor—Mr. and Mrs. Alber: Ma- ‘ ~
you w : — —— -~ although {na critical condition for jJott. and Bdwin-spent-Sunday-with tao fongeogeotofenfontentechooefoateckoestuslooleoeeosentonterbedosdesteriooketosiesdenoerfesdontenieoriecte ‘
=a 4 i

i =~ — —
Tuesday evening next, 2th Insts | gayeral months. sliows every evidence|former’s brother, Jason  Malott, of
Ruthven:—Mrs. .Wm. Henderson and) ————

ih trlotic tea to-be- given {daughter Helen spent. Saturday ,with s
By tee mathiotic: Leagua™Ot Colchpster Miss Barlow Laing, of Bases — Mr, an ees PACKING, Gove. PROFITS:
b the W. O» W. halon Wea- | 400. Mrs. Atoy, orp wo chill- 4
noday, Novembor #90, ‘There tno |éran spent, Sunday at Reuben, Wisies eM oupaagy. Limited, na
stated sum charged for the need 1 #0 |" en|Natthews-Bhickwoll, Limited, “more |gorved’ on Wedhesd pers
. , 7 Ye on

groat,. the Indies are ailing. to" re given Sha recon, Las Pod he nCmaage articularly the former, wero oxcop, ee ngine natn ras

her mother; Mrs. Ben, GosHn, on Wed-|>
coive all that 1s offered) Tea is served) aay attornear Novenas for ‘The | Monally. high ~during the war period oy

at Wiaarp ‘Tho proceeds of tho last Prey ead numor of venatfut 804, PeLaem can extacrlnA ta A ucTION SALE
‘Tho Enst Harrow Improvemont So-|Presonts, whieh Included @ bait dozen i exing ntatement mado in tho report | ‘Auction SALE
Silver knives and forks from hor Sun-| or ene commission appointed to Inves=}- Cet a

of the house.

   
   
 
  
  
   

 

  
   
   
    

   
  
    
  
 

 

 

 

the Harrow and Oxley Methodist con- si F
gregations will hold a united soofal of & completo recovery of her health.

ovening, commencing at 58 o'clock.
Reports of the various branches of the
work will be presented «nd their
claims set forth. Thero will also. bo
f discussfon of the finances and oth-
er {tems"of interest to the congrega-
tlons. At the close light lunch will be
served. Every family connected with
the church is invites aa a Inrge at-
tendance ia expected. © mesting i
Nil be held in the basement of the [S6ty 18 having. o box social at tho} 5 hool cl : = ae
‘home of James Bailey, on the ‘oven-|ay school class, of which aha was a thea! 5
oan acbohdane with he breton OR Sep ee, 2 acer be his now homo here, whteh he recontly Uigato further the Inet mmission,| Farm Stock, Implements,
y SN a! x ai ¢G: F Henderson, KH] 6° =
of tho Executive of the Women's Mis (eore antae ang. purchased from Ira Agia, Ar which consists of G. 5 ;
. : ig tho course of the even- a, Arnor,—Mr. - Ss arid
erly ames the Methotist |ing for patriotic purposes. A spled- and Mrs. Bert Oxley, and {ai te oa ae brody: Adis Tose will be Sako
urch throughout ‘the on, tits |aid program 15 being propared. Come, pREATIIIG spent Sunday ovenin td Clarkaon, hes Wy orothers, Minis- | South of Derniee cor L
(Friday) afternoon is set apart OF a} enjoy “yourselves and BY on with the omas . Grainger’s,—Mra. Eaheat y Gor 2 Snr Neocles act Sis at

   
  
   
  
    
  
      
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
    
 
  
 
  

LEAMINGTON.

The annual moose dinner to raise
funds for Lake View cometery wan”

 

 

   
 
   
  
  
 
  
   

  
   
     
  
     

    
 
  
    
  
 
      
 
  
  
  

   

   
 
   
 
 
  
  

 

   
 
   

   
   

   
  

 

 
  
 
 

   

 

 

 

      

 

  
   
   
     

   

 

 

s * td inderwear, timo for prayer for missions and tho} J 3 ‘i ‘Brown, of Ki 4a viatting | tor of Lal ording |
Big stock of Women’s and Childret® Heavy Underea?  |impir "Not only wil the er [7 Norman, Mas lod wit deugepgartig Allow of eS" gt cad Abe
‘ ene era : [inate he Draennte oa curcce hag [owas Clerk, Magi ie report on with hor sranduugiters, Mra 7 ei
Rubber Boots. _ Heavy Flannel Shirts of a Kinds cen, _(inttasttioe: ‘rho meeting will bopee-| Cra, “baa cantar tata the [ince Ans cease ki im
ot of Caps. Sweaters for mae vies women and i: ‘ovor by Mrs. (Dr) Huaser, vhilo| rorring and Elste Dalton and, 4
' 2 iv “ vhir
    

   
   
  
   
   
      
        
      
 

 
 
  
 

    
  
 
  
  
     

   
   
   
    

  
  

 

—— ee ee

{nave YOU BOUGHT HON, @. P. GRAHAM NOMINATED.] LETERS FROM THE FRONT,

} YOUR VICTORY BOND].
| 1 i ‘ . Hon. George P. Graham, of Brock- Accounts of an airplane ducl, 2
ti sath | An Electric Light Message. vitte was. the choice of South Essex} bombing attack and a tour over} © VA
: These six words comprise the most
a {mportant question of the day for the
; ordinary individual, and The Echo
trusts that by this time the universal

SLSSEVSASTASEASSAZAS AZ
An Exceptional |
Thanksgiving Sale of

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
  

Liberals at tveir convention at Essex| miles of trenches and barbed-wire,
answer is: “Yes,”

Thursd iy of lant week, - form an ‘Interesting letter recolyod by

Soven numes were put before the|Dr. Danfel-Laferte, Detroit, from his
Ar Th Four Fruits Used in W. T. Gregory, .the energetic, enthus-
e 6 {astic and aggressive chairman of the
Victory Loin committee of South Es-

corventivn: John Campbell, of Leam: | son, Capt. Alfred Laferte, who is serv-
Making “Fruit-a-tives sex, painted the question on the map

    
  

H Bowle, Exsex, The nominees were| The tour of the frojt ranks was
all presont expressed themselves in| made in an ambulance car, Capt. La-
fayor of him except-Thomas Raw!ey, | ferte being accompanied by a French
eho in ma long speech declared that} guide, & major and a captain of the},

Mr. Graham had made the mistake of |American forces. After stopping at
lls life in ecining before the ran and | Laferte, the French village from which

     
     
  

ington; Hon George P. Graham, of | ing in France with the Harper hospital
of South Essex in a novel and never-

Brockville; Thomas Rawley, Wheat-|unit. Capt. Laferte receiitly received
“PpRUIT-A-TIVES’? is the only |jo-be-forgotten manner, Saturday last,

ley; Norman @ Buckland, Cottam; {® promotion from Heutinant. The
medicine in the world that is made | by arranging with the Essex County

Lambert P. Wiple, Gosfleld South; F. | letter was. written in Pafis on Nover-
A. Hough, Amherstburg, and Dr, A, | ber Vth.
from the juices of fresh ripe fruits. | Light Company to flash the message,
every evening at 6.30, as explained in

       
    
  
    
    
  
   
  
 
  
    
       

    
    

   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
   

   
    
   

A : ete
Thus, it ismanifestly unfair to say, “TI the following telegram from Leaming- file of the party to seek nomination in | the Laferto family migrated. 200 years
won't take Fruit-a-tives because I have | ion to The Echo: South Essex. ; Jago, the party crossed the river Marne
tried other remedies and they did me Saturday, Noy. 17th, 1917. Mr: Grallan'as natty was placod in} at Ngee 4 re ew Reduced From $25.00
5 he ot nd, the fact Leamington, Ont., nomination by-Rev. J, Crawford, “of es Battle in Air. é
no good”. On the other hand, 4 Essex, und J. D. Fraser, of Mersea| “Wo reached Solssons, five miles Women’s and Misses’

that ‘‘Fruit-a-tives’” is entirely different The Echo,
Amherstburg, Ont.,

from any other preparation 1m the world, Commencing to-night every Glectric
fis just why you should give ita fairtrial, Nght in South Essex will flash six mes
in any trouble of the Stomach, Liver, | at intervals of two second at six thirty
Bowels, Kidneys or Skin. “Yruit-a- |p, m. The flashes will represent the

ives”’, is composed ofthe active principle | words “Have you bought your Victory
oe 4 z - P 4 Band?” Please give this the utmost

of fruit and the greatest peice. heat publicity in order that the people may
discovered, 60¢, 2 box, 6 for$2.50, trial |}}5 able to read the most important
size, 250. Atalldecalersorsent postpaid | message ever comprised by electric:

township. The names of half a doz- from the German lines, about 3 p.m.,”
en others were put before the conven, | Writes Capt. Laferte, “All of this trip
tion, but all withdrew, and upon {of course, was through the battle
show of hands Mr. Graham was de-| fields, miles of trenches and barbed-
clared the candidate by an almost wire entanglements. In the afternoon,
unanimous vote, while buying gasoline, We saw an alr-} |
Those nominated were John A,| Plane battle.
Campbell, of Leamington, by L. C.| .“The battle contestants consisted
Palmer, of=Kingsville, and John La-|of two plancs of the start, but very
marsh, of Leamington. Hoh, George | $000 many others joined until there

P. Grahim, of Brockville, by J. D. were nine of them. We could not tell «

Fashioned from soft chiffon taffeta in
every fashionable shade of the season.
Trimmings of silk and wool embroidery,
georgette crepe and lace... Broken lots re-
maining from our best selling lines—
hence the reduction. One model pictured.

eee SEGELEC

CORNER WOODWARD & STATE
WO CONMICTION WITH AMY OTTELA STORE

   
 
   

  
 
  
  
  
    
   

    
   
   
    
    
  
 

   
  
  
     
     
     
       
  

  
  
             
    
       
       
     
      
      

hy Fania ives Line ie | WILLIAM T, GREGORY. Fraser, of Merseas and Rév. J. Craw-| Which was which, but the French fin-
: Chairman; ford, of Essex: Thomas .Rawley, of | ally drove the Germans back. Fin-

— =
sh ECHO ~ |vi zi I S, Sesex, | Mersea, by Frank McCharl f G ally, the anto-alrcraft guns opened u
HE Victory. Loan Committee South Bxssex. | * Ben, )) rank Mc! hnrles, of Gos- , at. BN pe! DP
The Eolro. ut once .printed several os eae ane ae Bo NS and the sky was dotted with the black

sid § h; Norman B. Buckland, by

Panis eo __.__|hundred of the messages -in telegraph 0 pulls a peas a Ct The Ger
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limite] blanks and lberally placarded Am: OT Wigle and Charles. Dalton, of mans had come over to attack the
Amherstburg, Ont. herstburg and the, Brunner, Mond, so Gosfield South; Lambert Wigle, of French observation balloons, of which
2b ; that by 6.80 Saturday evening If any- Gosfleld South, by Lewis Orton and] We could count five from where we
J. A. AULD, A. W. MARSH one hereabouts didn’t expect the mes- Gordon Fox, of Gosfleld North and |8tood._
Paesipesxt. Suo'y-TREA | |, it was from being unable to un- South, respectively; F. A. Hough, of At 5.30-p.m. that dity, while walk-
and English Amherstburg, by Dr. French, of Am-|/98-down the street, a smeat number
Will be « forcible réminder of herstburg, and Thomas Morris, of Gos- of eos eee firing rigtht near _us, —
epg seepage el IE N A Powie of jand looking up we saw a Gorman :
yeopla’s duty to their coyntry field Northy and Dr. H. A. Bowle, of
l 1 Ateutly repetition should act Essex, by Lawrence 4 m and Rey, | Plane contig directly toward us. It LEAMINGTON.
. | . J, Crawfor Y Essex was gotting dark and ewery time one 1
ave fords POLAT ey tof the guns fired you ea seo He Murray Smith has purchased Geo.
flash near the plane, He was finally Gibson’a farm, on Erie street south.
driven off. At 9 p.m anotlher plane Mr. Gibson has moved into town.
came ovér with the same revaule. Ev- Miss Vera DeLaurier returned home
erytime the guns-fired you would |" the 10th inst., after spending’ the
think you were going to be hit. The Jast six months in the west with her}
shells seemed to wliistie by your thead. | *!8¢r- |
Views Geran ines omy Mack Roach has just returned home |
Morning we took an ambullince | ter spending a few days in Wind-
and went’ up to the front Ine treme!i- sor- with his daughter, Mrs, Ralph
es, To get a good view we had! to Bastien. SSNS a
cross a ridge, Woull kept pretty well Georgo W. Scratch “recently pur-
fypart, so as not to make too goo! in chased 20 acres on Erie street south
tare we could see the Gefman |O™ Gordon Curtis, on which he will
lines very plainly. A French officer grow tomatoes and Warne tobacco,
was with us and told us he thought Some of the farmer’ in. gals aisuies |
are alleged to be storing their po-

we werd, safe, as (t was a dull day. ‘ ¥ |
Woe remajned about talf an hour and |} tatoes with the object af securing |

 
 

 

 

   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 

SOLICITED
—_ DETROIT i

     

   

 
  
 
 

    
   
      
 
      
   
       
 
       
    
     
    
    
    
   
    
    
     
    
       
    
 
    
 
    
 
      
   
    
    
  
 
   
   

 

   
 
 
 

 

SSeS ee
Friday, November 25,1917. a

 

 

An order-In-Council has been passed
by the Dominion Government proyid- spur to those who are tardy in
ing that no application for an entry forming. their duty,” explains Mr,
‘tor a2 homestead in Western Canada | Gregory.

? shall be granted unléss the opplicant —
was a British subject at the com:| AMHERSTBURG EXEMPTION TRI-
mencement of the war and has since BUNAL. 5 4
continued to bea Brit Subject or a
subject of one of the nations. wy

 

HARRY LAUDER, AT
WINDSOR, APPEALS
a FOR VICTORY LOAN

: Wonderful Demontration as the Fam-
Results of the Board’s Deliberations}. CUS Scot Urges Citizens to Buy.

Tho close of the first weels of the =
Victory Loan campaign found O Up to Monday, the i9th.
with a total contribution of $5 -

100,-of which Toronto towards its
fort to car one hun-
dred and fifty vated to the
province to.r
250, and the

=

 

 

   

 

“This

 

 

With its |
Jolin Ph
Harry.
and the

     
 
  
 

  
 
 

world-renowned bandmister

3 its lead; and
of the kilts
ather, Occupying a position
of honor jn the parade, the great Unit
ed States naval militia ‘band of 300
pieces mareled } through Windsor's
principal streets Tiiiirsday afternoon

 
 

  

   

    

   
     
   
   
   

Vood,
; Earl Am-
lowed until men in Afed.
calleds Carl O. Re i

   
   
   
  
  

 

 

   
   

 
 

    

 

 
        
      
      

  

 

  
  

  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
     
   
   

 

$50. Saturd
the entire pr in an effort to “boost” the Canadian |/started“tnck, We had to walk about higher prices in the spring. People}
entire down town |ten minutes before getting out of who have to pay $240 per bag for}

      
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
     
   
  
      
        
     
    
   
       
          
       
       
      
      
      
       

   
  

   
 

Victory Loan. |The
soction of the ™“ajty ag packed’ by
ousands of people whe cane from all
=~countrys as well as De-
aghkthe band passed with the
le allied natigns in’ front,
“The Maple Leaf “all

SOO

  
 
 
 
 

‘motatoces. brouglit In from the cast,
thiiink the price high enough satel
The profiteering does not scem to be}
all confined to the packing liouses. |
Nelson Vanidour, Dolph —Malott, }
Howard Manchestér and A, Verbeke}
arrriyed home from their hunting trip jy
in: Muskoka Tuesday evening. They
{formed- a’ party of twelve and. each

sight of the Germins,
“We had wiilked aliout .elght min-
utes when «we heard a boom, then 2
shell whistle by, ov our-heads and
burst about’ 200 yards beyond, We
kept on ahd 4an@about o minute, the
t srformance was/repeated, this
ie shell exploding behind us. It
surely exciting

  
    

The business of being a man
has its advantages these days as
well as its responsibilities—especi- *
ally. if\ someone thinks enough

 
  

mn and | éatied; Raymond—'C
hed | ed until men in -Med. Ca
ufac-|ed; Armand Reaume, An
tures, will be prolibited’ by the Goy- i) men in Med, Cut
ernment, except under license form) catiqd; "Denial. O'Neil, Anderdon,
the Department of Customs, Theljiowed until-men in Med. Cat,4p tre
classég or iron and steel goods upon | called; nard O'Nefl, And

   

Exportation from Canada of |
steel in unfinished or semi
form suitable for useing

  

   
 
   

         

   
   

      
      
 
 
 

       

     
          
 

 
 
   
  

   

a, wonderful. demonstration,

      
       
      
  
 

        
 

  
          
 

   

 

 

    
     
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 

   
     

 

   
 
 

 

      
    
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
   
    
  
  
   
    
 
    
 
  
   
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
     
    
   
  
  
  
   
    
    
  

  
 
 

          

    

 

 

     
         
    

         
   
   
      
    
    
     
     
     
     
   
    
   

   

        
    
     
          

         

 

 

   
  
  

     

 

 

“Sh
4 snle vhich duteide the Dominion |ajlowed; Jose on a S
Eee rarko g aii “include pie : 7 ane cP a ae ré at ae APC a ey eran fee Brot leer. There were no moose, but |
argo it a 4 ror. f will witness in many a-] mr -day | leer sn vo a {irs no ix a sot wdeer, ere we 0 we, DUC} « s ° < *
iron, steel, ings 8, rods, shapes, |in presentoaccupa 5 ator ; rn wae oe site ve on Abate ae eo. * Mee ae a ifew bear were.seen and shob.at but | about him, his needs and his wishes,
angies and plates. prohibition|of} Loiselleville, dlsell aa 4 a aired caine teal LOST ELT Mp ia AEA Woree not secured. ‘ ose a -; meen
oxporation is due to the’serions short-| Grant, Malden. allow nilitic ; ary DAS bind been out ef mer that ea be A wall is CUES Af than |” Om Saturday afternapn,.at the home to choose for his Christmas gift
, E age of fron and steel for mupition mak-j remaining in .prasant occupht hives tlie visitors: ware raunte thes Shes ae sn Bn Be San of tlies bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs, : :
ing, shipbiulling and other manufac-(Harry J. . Wood, Malden, sd or irmor here tour.. Of courde we w eget “ad H. R.. Whaley, Russell street, Charles -~ I -) :
e° SS a amine a pala Teeth “NOt! ration quite as effect- | Carried gas maskssal! thre time in that * Bunn, formériye with: the stam, of She ea
: Unjlor the auspices of sarmers’ | A! i we I a eee ive but perl more tenderly demon; | region,” «, {tlie Rtoyal-Bank-here, but now with) i e be
_aGlub of Perth; 600 farmers paraded the ae ea * at fone ee — w sg tendered. ‘Harry Lauder ee SSE ah Body et ee of eae gato
“<> strects of that tow Thursday | Present occupation homas ] repeatedly When in his WSS} Matarricd “to. AUSss a jaley : cs a” Pos gc
sieht’ fo the fan hail, and later m ers, Anderdon, 4 di Henry G te a ee? THE ONLY MEDICINE only dausghter of Mr, and Mrs. Hugh | Most men are practical. The welcome gift
4ownspeople joined in volcing the eau am rath owed uni ‘i mtinuesto do what,you J Heese? The Happyeyoung couple Jett { js the usefal gift—the Gillette—that fits right into
. f opposition to the way th military ser-] ibe Lana Hiuve be doing; You! must work on ee 2 seyver. O'cloc car Tor Detroit, aed oo poe .
f vice tribunals were affecting them in Robidoux, ee F ~ and on and on; and. you must save, FOR LT ILE ONES where thesy will reside. Both are well a man’e intimate personal life, makes things
depleting their farmg.of needed help, = nce te att a x iden and pit»your mo into Victory known hesre, i: j | easier for him, and proves its quality by the way nf
and in some instances requiring, that I = a ae ae My a den, ae Honds—heéelp your Government. , You res ee pienry Fovl, -Orange-<stront. ipahnves: .
a 7 the farmer eltlier sell or rent his farm bud, ian aha as a Am jae rust do it tnd do 4t now; to-morropy | yr5, Hf. Blanche, Si Pamplile, Que., ae oe Motifiation Monday that Her ),- bee ‘ ie,
aa inside of, in tho majority Of C8805, eee ee ee eae WalteF C, An fee eae oa wlecd Pa cr ecslige ist: Oh) have onlitied grape results] Gealigatee: pooiek te ao Fons an “At any good Hardware, Drug or Jewelry
t two°montha;“nnidibe ready. to go whemf/BePresent oecune. Ons. = ay Whenever you need help, callon |e the use of Baby's Own Tablets was ‘ongce Duried in a shell holo at ie. . A
: aa“ a Canndie Sx pont  fderson, Malden; allowed conditional on? rijq wilt naver =. | SEO kh @ of DAD'S ots. |] Ypres. ins just received o gunshot Store you can pick out a Gillette Set that will be
y drafted ‘into the Canadian Expedition. sSanini * om | thie St It will’nevér, nev-| hey are the only medicine 1 know | wound‘ I sunk
i ary force. This Is the first case inthe | 7 at aa ee ea occupation; ter ye denied you. ~1 know that, and] of ghat ‘one can depend upon: to ae in his right ankle. Corp, sure to give him lasting pleasure. If you have
1 Dominion of-any organized effort along 3 te am ass 3 poe Saree aan you will never-be in the position in} promptly cure . bowelie and stomach ord] went<pvorscas. 1 the 99th’ Bat- ani troublé getting what you want, write us
md this line being*made by tho agricul- a ae an oe = 5 eds which little;Seotland finds {tseli—too | troubles,” The Tablets never fail to een, his father, Pte, Henry Ford, y get i4 Mi and
i ose ibb, Malden, allowed condtl- SAR = = po r eB. § t . Bi i 2 1 is
tarists. ) ‘onal on remaining in pret nt ae ‘< = y by uicuaaus of ae and relieve the little one and’ besides the | oy ee ae: nar ae Ba - we will ste that you are supplied.
At a convention of representative] pation; Frank Farmer, Malden, dis- nt eee aa On be eT a mother: hay tlie sanrabign of a Ske brrother is now id Branishott Eng- %
Liberals and Conservatives at Orono,}alowed; Ed. A. Kemp, Am! tbure, ae Re poe " ernment analyktethat they are. abso-]) ‘ee » ' TY RAZ
bs ‘ aaa 4 idians—you are just © across the | jytelyesafe. Théy are sold by meédicine sand, eek eA nee eee GILLETTE SAFE OR co. ;

 
   
   
    
 

OF CANADA, LIMITED,

den, al-

 

river, and. pledge there will be im-

 

 

  
  

   
   
 

 

 

 

} Durham county, Thursday, Hon. N. W. | disallowed; Jolin Dupuis, Twat t Dat 4 1
ij Rowell, K.C., was nominated as the}lowed for 12 months; Wallace Me-| mediate ; henge . Wh dealers or ‘by mil at » cents a ba¥<} on in France.
i Dnionist candidate for Durham con-|Joche, Ambherstburg allowed for 12 madara ree ae Spey Hen: fom THe a Williams’ Medicine Ceo.) “While Hall Jackson’ was putting a :
Say stituency.’ In accepting the nomina; |months;~ Josie Reaudoin,, Anderdon, Ws psn = : Srockville, Ont. grip om the 5 o'clock electric car Sun- Offi ctory: Gill Bui Iding eal. 2
y tion, ‘Hon. Mr. Rowell made a stirring |allowed; Herby Bezgire, Andtrdon, al- 42> Sat ———_—— day evening, he was struck by H. Lens ceand Fa we. ette ae s Montr t j

specch, making a plea for national}don, disaHowed, “Albemi Lajeunesse, : SCHOOL REPORT. : : don’s car and carried some distance. i aera es cheated pak rod
bd unity. One-or two sligiht-interraptions | allowed until men In Meu. Cat. E. are eee - PACKING HOUSE He.wwas bruised aboupethe hip and : _ Fe
} only served to put him in better form, /talled; Louls Beneteau, Anderdon, dis- Report of S. S\No. 4; Malden, for PROFITS LIMITED back and one ankle*hnd knee was

the month of Octoler. Pupils marked sprained. Mr. Jackson, who Is 73

x and when asked if he were “Grit or]allowed; Herby Bezaine, Anderdon, al-
» Tory” he answered: - “You can call |Jéwed on remaining, in present eccu-

. me whiat you dike, but after seeing the! pation; Arthur Beneteau, Anderdon,
Canadians giving their Jife-blood on | allowed for 12 montis; Hartson. T.

the fleldsa of France,! don’t edre what) Fawdry, Colchester South, disallowed;

you call me as long ax I can do some-| James: H. Elliott, Amberstburg, ‘allow

The Cabinet has -deckled agalnait) years of age.and an only brother of
tho policy of taking over the packing |l\tr3"Thomas Fuller, has since been
houses in Canada, but thero will bo}coinfined to bed. The car was being
controkof, profits, as follows: diriven slowly by Miss Mildred Len-
» 1. No’ packer shall be entitled (o}\don, and the electric button control-j
a profit of-more than 2 per cent. ON) Iiing tho horn failing to respond, “the

with an ast@riskyiave been absent for
ollie or moré~ examinations, Fourth
Class, examined jn)class work, Gram-
and Geography. Maximum marks
B80; excellent’ 285.and over; good 228
and over—Cecil Delmont 317; *Percy

   
      
         
       
     
     
       
   
      
     
    
     
     

thing to help them.” @a until men in Cat. E. are - called; | °~ = <¢ ~ ee :
—_—_—————— Achille Renaud, Ahderdon-disallowed; Waldron 281, Clinton Snell 250, *Ieona | His total annual turnover, that -{s his} njqchine was upon. Mr. Jatkson;- who
Beaudoin 240, Bea e Laramie 232,; total sales during any one year. fltepped backward ‘at tho nroment,’ be-

    
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
      
     
    
      
      

The enormous supplies required to) yorma "OG =

= Norman N. ¢ wall, @ ,_al-
4. feed an army in the fleld are indicat- lowed for 12 sale saat oP w i
d-by a few figures on the refiire- 2 mon ths) COnC One wee!
@ y, x remaining on tie farm; Charles P,

Norman Mickle 188, *Roy Benudoin 2. If the two per cent, on annual |iforq Mr. Lendon coul
179, “George Bennett 92, ‘Ivan Kim:] turnover exceeds 7 per cent. on thfe!lthe wheel anid oe -
ball 24, Ainslie Sellars 218. Third |actual capital {invested in the businéws. | standstill. = s

 

 

 

mients of the British” armies In| powday; Colchester Sou
; ay; héster South, ditto; Ar-
France. Nearly 2;000,000 pounds o thupDutour, Malden, dito: Adolph , éxamined inclass work“ and|the profits shall be further restricited .
are sent across the Channel eacl'|yyonforton, Anderdon, <dittoy Joseph Oral Arithmetic. Maximum marks 200; }|as follows: 4 mis 'e8lling of. potatoas, on .the-160-

excellent 150 and over; good 120 and (ay Up to seyen per cent. @n capl-
over: Sr. I1I—Merida Hurst 162, *Sa-[tal the packer may retain the jprofits.
lome Anderson 29.° Jr. 11—Alva (b) If the profits exceed, aniven per
Countess 155, Walter Pearce 149,| cent. und ‘do not exceed fifteen per
Grace Kimball 140, Marion Countess ] cent, one-half of the proifits in ex-
116, *Katie Sellars 65, *Nora Richard-| cess of seven per cent, shiall belong
son -47. Second Class, examined in} to the packer and one-half tto the Gov-
class work and Oral Arithmetic. Max-] ernment.

imum marks 200; excellant 150 and (c) All profits in excenm of fifteen
over; good 120-and- over. —Sf. JI—MIl-} percent. shall belong to ithe Govern-

dred Sellars 149, Evelyn: Sellars 138, ) ment, ; se
Bentrice Larabee $7, *Ena Batley 78, jite
Se

Jr. 11—Keitha Waters 72, eS Beau- j ; f
doin 52. First Class examined in clasy ‘ [| ; :
work. Maximum marks 85, Oxca ant WATCHING FOR SPIES. 15 IM ES

64 and over; good, 61 an" over—Eva| ‘phree patrol boats for tthe proteation
was pent on doctors’ bills, with-

pound basis has ben adopted by many
of the large potato markets of the
United ‘States, in keeping with the re-
quest made by the Department of
Agricniture and thé Food Administra-
tion of that country. Whreyer the’
100-pound scale has been adopted re-
ports to the Bureau of Markets show
that it 1s much more satisfactory than
the Pid-foahioned, varying btshel. °

‘ ~ F4

week, It is now put In paper) pozaire, Anderdon{ disallowed; Noah

. machié jars. The demand for tin be-|}y angtois, * Anderdon, allowed cond)-

; A came too heavy. oe cat fat one tional with remaining at present oc-
¢ aS ae Oe ae ee. cupation; Percy P. McCallum, Malden,
=e dan CADE. THO arr roe ounces | wowed until completes contract as
“Hon of cliogse is about three ounens | teacher in S. S. No. 4; Donald M. Pil-
sto a man per day, afc 5 haunt ste lon, maft carrier, aNowed for 1 month

WOO pounds of cheese havo Pecn PU lio got rid of contract; Francis Bondy,

|. chnsed_for the British armies. f wil erdon, dianllowed; Armand Bondy,
SS a ae riiteh oiaters acl Anderdoa, atowe® for 12-monthy con-,
; ‘week, and the Government- buys lt ditional with remaining ®t present oc-
9 ps direct from the planters in India ant Soe Clement Adam, Anderdon.
Pareto - > ditto;, Orval Thomas: Magujre, Malden,

=e Geylon, ee dittoy Leo Morris Paquette, Malden,
am -= if Ayallowed; Otto Carl Renaud, Amé*
Tt is learned that herstburg; allowed;, Martin Gibb; An-

    
    
   
  
   
  
   
   

 
 

      
 
   
  

 

   
    
  

  
  

  
 
    

   

  
     

 

  
 

    

    
  
   

 

 

  
  

 

   
  
    
    
      
  

 
   
 
    
    
  
  

 

   

 

 

     
  
 

  

a proposal has

   
   
  
  

     
 
 
 
   

 

  

Gov- Larabee 66, “Margar, io 62

been submitted to the Dominion derdon; disallowed; Raymond Lafram- Margan¢ Laramie 62,} o¢ navigation on the Grunt Lakes have
peament, regarding tho provision Of oie, Anderdon, disallowed ;, Edmund Frangis Huta. 55, Bertha Mickens |eon established in that vast area.
{39, Ghester Highwarden 33, *Wreatha}/ono is at Duluth, in che Duluth har-

out any bencet, as was spent in

* Yam-Buk, which effected a complete

plected dis-
scholarships by which solecte Paquette, Maldon, allowed;: . fosephi
ied naval and military eae fat Renaud, Malden, disallowed; Over Enderby 29, Donald Bailey 14, *Thos.| hor; another is somewhere on the St.
m the Dominion an mal a |Malonx, Anderdof, disallowed; Jas. Squires. Primer Class, in order of) qiair river and tho third is In the Soo
jp nro meanwhile providing gencrie” nd} S. Bondy, Malden, allowad, conditional merit—Gordon Rose, Helen Bailey, | rjyor, From these ports the protecting B
course “at Universities and) on nt ing at present occupation; | Francia Marontate, ‘Merle Beaudoin, | trart, variegated in form, seom verlt-] cure!” eays Mrs. Fred Gervais of
: ‘af technology before return‘Ne | .4 gq, Sunderland, Anderdon, allow- | Robert Coif, “Eileen Enderby. Percy| ably to wander fort. ‘The public} 126 Bleury St. Montreal. >
The Rhodes xueee ed conditional with remaining at pres- P. McCallum, teacher. leaning on the docks seo them go hy “A rash broke out on my baby mss
es eT mn: BT,
hile providing Renerausiy © | ont oceupation; Leo M. Beaudoin, Amt i ning and yet, ax io bkin, and stio became vote tre i
gf such scholarships: CH° |nerstburg, disallowed; Charles Robt. }7,000,000 BELGIANS as not, that very boat before morning] and lost weight. = Her to 8
p Committee of the Kitcheilt | Anderson, Malden, allowed conditional SISING STARVATION| will frighten some dynamiter back) doctor, who gave me sotto Sy Oi Ty
“ ori) Fund 1s also tip with remaining at present occupation; , from a lock, a dock or a freighter’s| .apply, os ‘ pa Pe iiee
ance twenty scholarsliips, | poy Bertrand, Amherstburg, disnllo aide. ‘The smallest of the 90 boats of] good. I then took her to ane
Fae dois create [eds George Mickle, Malden, disallow- thie guarding fleet bear capabi, Some doctor, but with thé samo resu Mt
; ‘ ; ; : ut a mach ; >
ed; ivan J. Warren, Anderdon, allow ee eee ike a ng threednch| dition baby. was ig; brought no
\ some Zaim-Buk, which sho eo highly.
recommended that I commenced
using it. In ono week's time baby

     

    
 
 

      

     
   

 

   

    
  
   
  
 
 

     
     
    
  
 
 
   
   
  
   

  
   

  

  
  
      
   
   
  
  
   
  

  
  

  

  
  

    
    
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
  

   
  
 
  

  

     
   
    
   
     
  
   
   
 
   
    
   
 
    
   
      

  

  

She: iodueras ent ottered mit common 33
$ cannot make up for the purity of .
3 oul ‘ Teco US more to make ;
Rd 2 ap it costs Y' J use.
~~ at, for Sunllthtspers for itself dling hee

it ‘saves. It does not wear and rub the

 
 
    
    
  
   

 

  

Tuberculosis is Mowing Down Under
Nourished Children.

   
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
    
    
  
 

   

 

   
   
    
   
 
   
     
   
    
  
 
   

  
  

Paris, November 12th,—Seven mil-
jon Belgians are in danger of starving

    
 
   
 
     
  
 
    

Ancluding tuition and) oy’ conditional with remaining at
ming pres- : 23
: Ee Sal of The {ant occupation; Clifford 1. Cornwall, rifiea, Only rarely are woapons heav-
eeDe disallowed; Wilfred BH. Jackson, Ma)- ior than tlie automatics used, for the

 
 
 
   
 
   
    
   
   
 

 
    
    

 
  

   
  
 
   

    

  

 

     
   
   

 

   
   

and the Crown less afd is forthcoming. ‘Tubercu-

ee Some of tho penpalinalinwes: Sapte: is mowing down the under-nour- nalp- ore i oe as oa | Hooked much hotter, and before a ae ein aptibes bade

Feuldencs at} soe BRS ain NO I tatied palin Frere eee oie ‘a over a Gensaog myles eaete tee Se Gapsed che was quite : cA — a ps
. rounded up of Uie G op since | Mer Te by is now tho pleturo of : <<

slon:.for pn rare ot Soiene Br
hausted, and no provision has in *

im favor asa goil sweotencr or forti-|made for further loans. : heey Rpts caused that $2. worth of ‘bran
‘Hiizer, according to reports from pro- At the moment the United States {8 ip mie aut this curo whet f
-Jdacors to G. F. Loghiin of the United | giving nothing for tho rélief of Bel- “and” ool tle docere” ;

States geological survey, Department | gium, The ree’ commission estimates | : = whater
of the Interior, Since tho figures of} that $25,000 a month isthe minimum |’ : Milent fleet o! “mother”
sduction were first compiled in 1-911 | nceded to continue the work. + eh Sate agas phen | Le rent!
» Industry has steadily Incronsed, | “No Buroyean country can afford tof” ~ Gad - ant Iittle
the output for 1916 of 1,066,376 /}lond an he sum. The commission } ~ a 3 Bees a.
tots" yaloed.at $1,146,682, repre-|hopes tho United Statos will maké i
of per cont in quan-} it" possible for it te feod Belgium and |”

for the it. te by whorever It can’
\ Ho oblainoe with Teast i ity a

—_—

Pulvorized limestone continues to be

  
   
 

  
 
 

war broke out, but with one or two k jalth, and T think ft wond erfal

 
 
   

P:
NW SALE
“ae
‘Implements, Ete.

Public

7
fered for salto b;
4 » Front

, Concession
th, on

wn
+ 4 Bay Mare, aged; 1
© Roan Cow, 6 years old,
. Roan Cow, ball Jersey,
in March; 2
Calf; 1 Lumber WwW
x34 Gravel tux; 1 Frost
Groot cut; i ‘Tiger’ Nake;
a Massey-Marrif two-horse
Enternational Corn Planter:
p-furrow Plow; 2 No.
ie Plows; 1 Shovel Plow;
ao with Truck; 1 four-sec-
fal) nearly new); 1 pair Nob-
¥ a Rugey; 1 Hreaking Cart;
i Tank; i Stove; 1 Standerd
Wor (in ty nly a short
Double Harness; 1 set Single
argo Mail Ro, GS Rat Traps;
Glover Hay; some Timothy
ishels White “New Zealand’
shes Gorn; about 2 bushels
1 Chatham Incubator, 240
ive. 2 Pork Barrels; 4 Vinegar
Tother Barrels; 3 bushel Early
os; Grain Hyp Log Chains;
Shovels; Forks, and other
merous to mention.
Dirham Cow, 9 years old; 1
w, 6 years old; 2 Yeurling
ig Calf.
at 1 o'clock P.M, Sharp.
sums at or under $10, cash;
mount 12 months’ credit on
pproved joint notes, or 6 per
Mm Of for cash on sums ¢n-

EDWARD GRONDIN,
Proprietor.

=f) Pe
ock, Implements, and
pusehold Furniture

1d be offered by Public Auction
pag, Con. 3, Colchester South, three
of Ilarrow, on
, NOVEMBER . 26th, 1017
lox property:—i Bay Horse, 6
eauiet in all harness; 1 Brown
i Colt G months Old; {1 Grade
aryoary old, milking; 1 Sow;
out 80 Ibs; 150 Chitkéns
Dushels of Ogts; 2 two-horse
ators, Western; Hay Roke;
e-horse Cultivator; Open Bug~
Ee Cockshutt Plows; 4 two-fur;
Set of Harrows; Wagon, 244 -
wn Gang Disc-with Polo and
of Double Harness; 1 set
Harness (new); 6 tons of rood
5 1 Gravel Box; 95 cords of
id; 2 Pig Nests; 5 acres of
Straw Stack
SLD UTENSILS—1 Cook Stove;
ight Heater; 3 small Stoves; 1
‘Chairs; 1 Extension Table (wal-
shen Table; f Sewing Machine;
sBedsteads: Base . Burner
w); 1 Washing Machine; 4
im (now), Daisy No, Carpet
oO quarts of fru 18 quarts
+ 1 Hall Rack; 46 yards of
nh other articles too numer-
on.
ymming must bo sold without ro-
he proprictor {s |giving up farm-

ito commence at 1 P.M. sharp.
= sums of or under $10, cash:
‘amount ¢2 months’ credit on
ie approved joint notes, or 6 per
lanmum of for cash on sums en-

mrcredit
JACOB SNYDER,

ATK
Horne! Proprictor,

Mfect November 10th, 1917.
Going
East.
Nov 8
.m.
. Blenheim .....-++- 6.38
... Merlin ...+ «6.09
~* @onisworth”......-.5.65
. Wheatley ... «» +5.40
Leamington 2. B22
« Ruthven .¢. enn Dsl
. Kingsville, . 5:08
4.48

+ 4.28
4.06

McGregor ..
“.. Walkerville
R. W. YOUNG, D.P.A.,
4 Z London.
W. EB. WOLFENDEN, G.P.A.
Detroit.
CHELL, Agent, Harrow.

A good article is worthy of a good package.
A rich, strong, delicious tea like Red Rose is
worth putting into a sealed package to keep it

fresh and good.

A cheap, common
tea is hardly worth
taking care of and is
usually sold in bulk.

Red Rose is always
sold in the sealed
package which keeps
it good.

= —~

IUMERATORS|

Reviion of Lists to be Gomploted and’
Certified. by Odoember 12th.

Reorning officers throughout Can-
adaore being instructed by the gen-
eralreturning officer, W, F. O'Connor,
to tesgraph the names, addresses and
ocewations of candidates nominated
withut delay to Ottawa, ‘The object
of timnotification is that the names of
candidates may be cabled overseas at
once ‘or the information of military
electos in England, France and other
counties. Undor the Military Voters’
Act sddiers and sailors may vote for
the @vernment, the Opposition or
indepmdent’ candidates or they may
vote or an individual by name. An
effort is being mado to inform as large
a proportion as posaible of the military
voter abroad of the names of. the
candiiates. In view of that fact, al-

thoug) legally, voting might commence

Mat ‘military or naval polls overseas

A NEW PRIVILEGE
Finance Minister Announces that All Victory
Bonds may be Registered

The following announcément has beon made from Ottawa:

The Finance Minlater of Canada has issued a new instruction

in connection with the Victory

benefit and* importance to many small investors.

Bonds, which will bo of much
He has de-

clded to grant the privilego of the registration of all bonds, that

{s to say, that bonds of all denominations, including the $50

bond, may be registered as to principal and as to- principal and

interest .

In previous loans the privilege of registration was neces-

sarily confined to bonds of the

$1,000 bonds or more. Bonds of lower denomination wer?

as bearer bonds, with coupons

larger denomination, sucl os
issued

attached, and., while carrying —

equal benefits as to principal and interest were lable to be lost

by the owners.

Under the privilege now given by the Finance

Minister, the buyer of any bond (whatever the denomination),

may have it registered, in wlifch case the interest

by cheque, and the bond, if lost,

evidence has been shown.

will be paid

may de repiacen after proper

It is belloved that this privilege will be greatly appreciated

by many thousands of small investors,

who wili thus be assured

of tho absolute safety of their investment even against fire or

carclessness or any other accidental cause of loss.

provement In the Issue will involve extra work

This Im-
upon the Depart-

ment of Finance, but Sir Thomas White considers that its bene-

fits will more*than offset the labor involved.

’

TOWN OF ESSEX.

“Mrs. W. H. Sweetman, of Essex,
is tho guest of her sisters, Miss Arm-
strong and Mra. Cummiford, James
street.”—Strathroy Age. :

Hans, Johnson has sold his §-acre
farm at the southwestern part of the
town to Robért P. Hogan, of Wifidsor,
for’ $2,000. Possession {s- to, be given
December Ist.

H. I. Johnston, employed in Twee-
dale’s drug store tho uast few yeurs,
has purchased J.7H. Scott's @rag bust-
ness in Glencoe,
gion-of same"in a couple of weeks.

Dr. J. H. Boyd, V.S., has been join-
ed by his brother, Dr. Wm. M., of Til-
“bury, in his office here, the latter giv-
ing over his office in Tilbury to his
brother Charles, who has been practic-
ing at Paisley for some time.

Fred, Hill, who has been employed
at an Iron mine near Frons, on the Al-
goma Central Railway in New On-
tario} the past few months, has re-
turned home. Several in town and
vicinity have stock in, the company

‘thattqwos the mine.

Tei

IER TIME TABLE, 1917

STERN STANDAND TIME.
coon IRDAY
7.00 A.M.
57.40 ALM

| Jesse White; No. 4, Sid Wyatt;

«| Ton names were

5

1
AY
or (Hurley’s Dock)

wburs see
Woe) .<

1 ul 0

0 FRIDAY

-M.
-M.

ae
-

9,40 a.m.

5 Se 1,40. A.M.
a for Peleo and Main Shore
gubject to change with-

ny reserves tho right to
p40 objectionable persons,
asible for goods nO!

hd take tions to Windsor |jowed; George S. Clickner,
Steamabip. Co.,Limited, | Goo, Hbbinghaus,

Pntarlo. | on HARRIS,

VE. Brett; No. 3

*M- | Yohn L; Brooker and Henry

+] disposed of that day.

atiofvat Van Wert, Ohio, 2 few weeks
iigo.for appendicitis, was brought to
thé liome of his’ purents, Mr. and Mrs.
H.. F. Wigle, in town, on Saturday.
Clive has been, travelling {n Ohio for
the Chicago Portrait Co. sinco last
May, and was taken ill at Van Wert
a month ago. He is improving nicely.

The enumerators to prepare*the vot-
ers’ lists for Essex, Gosfield North and
Colchester North for the coming cloc-
tion have been appointed by Returning
Officer Charles Clark, a8 follows:—
‘Essex’ No, 1, Jas, Johnston; No. 2; K.
BE, L. Hopgood. Col-
‘o, 1, JN. Roadhouse,
No. 3,
orth, No. 1, Earl
No. 3,
No.

io Wigle, who underwent am oper-

chester North,
No. 2, Asa Sheple:
Tromblay, Gosfield
Vickers; No. 2, Albert Bondy

6, Fordie Scott.
The exemption Tribunal {s busy.
day, exemptions being
Broom, RK, S. Matott, O. W: Walters, |
G. Vivier,
and Burns Laird disallowed, The fother

five, notified for Monday, were not
Twelve were
and a like num-
Tho other cases
follows:—J.

notified for Tuesday,
ber for Wednesday.
up for Monday were as
W. Bisley,- allowed till March tat;
Blake Augustine, allowed; Fred.
Keown, reserved; Arthur Thuraton,
allowed; A. B. Benson, reserved. The
lst for Tucsday was a5 follows :—
Achille Langis,: reserved; Delbert R.
Jones, allowed; Charles Pfahler, al-
‘lowed; Wm. Pfabler, allowed; Ernest
‘Bauer, reserved; Harry F. Hunter, ol-
allowed;
allowed; Dan, Cron:

miller, allowed. ..Ten names were

Purser. notified to appear,

a a a amelie a Small wore all allowed.

it IT ‘YOUR ORDER.

Ber that the business
he Echo is a conven
to pay your subscrip-

daily ‘national
oot you do-

Lewis, fred H.
Wm. Pedrick,
Everett M.

bert Bauer, Elby
Glon C. Beattlo,
D. Lippatt and

has onough names now alead
cir next” Thuraday,
\dexen for<each day.
was .allow
{Lome B. Lickman.

‘allowed to March Jat noxt.

and will take posses-|°

Albert |

Tho » board
of them
having about @
Francis W. Doll
od exemption, as: was also
Fred, Keown, wis

THAT
NIGHT COUGH

Could anything be more tryin
or more exhausting? _ Peps: wil
endit! The Bine vaponbreathed
down the air passages when a Peps
is dissolved in the mouth relleves
theirritation, soothes the inflamed
place and stops the cough.

, Mr. John Doussept of Little
Current, Ont., says: “J, was -
troubled with an irritating cough
that kept me awake at nights.
Nothing I took guve me rellef
until L used Peps. This ywonder-
ful breathe-able remedy, however,
has entirely rid me of the covgh.”

For asthma, bronchitis, laryn-

tis, sore throat and, colds use

ips. All dealers. '50c. box.

————
S— or

BUTTER AND EGGS ’
R HELD IN COLD STORAGE

A steady, accumulation of buttor Is
commented on by W.)F-. O'Connor,
acting commissioner on the cost of
living, in’ ils monthly report on food
commodities, covering the amount of
food held in cold storage on November

October figures as to butter in
storage? showed a twonty-four’ per
cent. increase, and November “figures
showed a thirty-four per cent. increase
as compared with a year ago. The
commigsioner finds “It difficult to ap-
preciate oither.thd reason or, necessity
for this.” He points out that butter
is not a seasonable commodity, and the
calizable export demand is not ab-
normal. In hi® opinion the ~ ruling
price of butter is unnaturally high, and
is held up, to some oxtent, at least,
by micans of unjustifiable accuntula-
tion. :

“The prico of hutter,” ‘says the
comniissioner,” should decline.
conditions do-not justify the present.
prico and undor the — terms of the’
anderdn-council: of November 10th,
1934, offers of reasonable prices there-
fore to.those holding undue quantities)
cmnot bo, refused without risk of of-
fnce against! tho terms of that irder-
ineouncil.” P

Tie commissioner also tepxprensod
disetisfaction with rogard to the ¢gs
altuaton. He points out that tho in-
crease of holdings 4s only four per
cent. Int the circumstancse are pecu-
liar. Exports as shown by the De-
partment. of Customs for October, de-
creased ‘rom 1,570,024 dozen in 1016
to 951,84 dozen in 1917- a

“Then is,” saya the €0mmissionelr
“potoriusly an akarmco of opportul

ity to Aitp wihich has resulted in

fallingafy-of demand.

etocks ayn hoing held notwit

The’

on the day after nomination day, that
is, on November 20th, it is likely that
the polling will not be in full swing
foy @me days, perhaps not until No-
yember 26th.

Co}. Charles W. Winter, formerly
military secretary of the Department
of Militia and Defence, has been s¢-
jectod to act as réturning officor to
jake the votes of Canadian soldicrs
doing garrison duty In Bermuda.

Sitting of Enumerators.

The attention of returning officers
has aldo been drawn to the provision
in tho law that naturalized citizens,
not disfranchised by the new Election
Act, must present their naturalization
papers ‘n order to be placed on the
voters’ list by the enumerators. In
polling sub-divisions in Ontario, ex-
cept in cities and county and district
towns of more than 9,000 population
at the time of the last Dominion cen-
sus enumerators will on Decembor
2nd: post up. the lists which thoy have
made, They will at the same timo
give. notice: where.they will sit from
December 7th to December 16th. in
clusively, except on Sunday, for two
hours daily and all day polling day.
They will complete the revision of
lists on December 11th, and certify
them on December 12th. On Decem-
ber 12tH, 13th, 14th and 15th the
enumerators will sit to answer en-
quiries, On the day of polling they
will sit all day for the rurpese of
hearing of the appeals will begin on
who have not been praviously placed
on the Mat, and who cia'm the right
to vote. In cities and couuty and dis-
trict towns of 9,000 population and
over the enumerators Will post their
lists on December-2ad. Revision’ of
the lists will be In the hands of the
Boards of Appeal. Appeals must be
made within four days of the posting
up of the enumerators’ lists. That
is December 6th will bo the Iast doy
tf giving notice. of ap)>us The
bearing of the appeais will be gin on
Eecember 7th, and the iast day of the
sittings of the Boards of Appea's will
be December 12ta,

UNDERDRAINAGE AT
THE EXPERIMENTAL
FARM, OTTAWA

While the Centra! Experimental
Farm was yet in its- infancy the ‘Mne-
cessity ‘for installing a system of un-
derdrainage was realized, From year
to year the system Has been improved
and extended until at the present time
a very complete drainage scheme is
dn operation. Soil conditions vary
greatly. The strface sofl ranged from
sand to clay with all intervening
types. Besides there are considerable
‘areas of muck. The eubsoll is of the
same variable character and in many
places the problem of combatting quick
or running sand {s encountered. The
contour of the land may be termed
gently to abruptly rolling), inclined to
form pockets or basins, And pn the,

-| whole having little natural outlet. Un-

der theso conditions, the problem of
drainage was rather a difficult one en-
tajling considerable thought and ac-
curate “work, Three main outlets
are used, two located at the western
and one at the eastern boundary. In
explanation of the system it may be
confined to a’combination or modifi-
cation of the herring-bohe, gridiron
and across-the-slope systems of drain-
age. Thie first reocribed system is well
@iulted to drain, ponds or basins; the
second or gridfron system 68 adapted
to Tevel Jand where the drainage re-
quired is fairly uniform; the across-
the-slope system is usedson alde hills
and slopes.

Clay tile were

used throughout,

J|varying in sizeyfrom $ to“10 inches.

The amaller than three-inch were
considered too small in this Instance
and.aro not recommendéd for ordin-
ary, conditions.

Sand traps or sllt basins are indis=
pénsible, furnishing clearancé’ for the
fine sand that enters the’ file and
which, if not provided for, would lodge
in and:clog éuch tile as are laid on
somewhat less thin a two-inch grade.
These sand traps are of “different
ajzes according to requirements. Somo
are six feet square while the major-
ity are approximately four feet square,
éxtending into the ground’ about two
feet below the outlet tile, thus pro-
viding ample space ‘for considerable
deposits of sand and silt. The traps
are enclosed by concrete walls, six
inches thick, flush with ‘the surface
of the gfound and covered by con-
crete tops provided with manholes

protected by gratings. They are lo-|) |

cated, a8 far as practicable, odjacent
to roadways, fences or other suitable
places
obstruction in cultivated ficids.

The depth and’ distance apart of tho

drains vary withssoil conditions. In

Clay subsoil, the laterals are as close ||

as forty feet at a depth of approxt-
mately three feet. In lighter soils. the
jaterals are farther apart and often

.| deeper in the ground, especially to-},

wards tho outlets. :

With regard to the maintenanco of a
drainage ~systom the most’ {mportant:
factor to observe is to practice syé-)
temntic inspection of the whole and
prompt repair of part or parti that
require attention. ‘This is esaventinl
for a low coat of maintenance and for
an officient systom. ~ he

to insure tho least possible ||

EG

‘a Wax.

“My Paper

The Mirror of the World ’s Happenings

Because it mirrors the news of the world

in which I live and am interested.

Whether it be an epoch-marking event
or but the
I know I shall find

pictured, or commented upon

like the sinking ef the Lusitania,
story of a local happening,
it described,

fully and sanely in “My Paper!”

Whether it be the current sport or the
shall

find its importance fully recognized in ee

latest theological discussion, I know ]

“My Paper!”

shall find the matter

I i sanely treated in
aper!”’ ;

Whether it be just the Bedtime Stories,
for the Kiddies, or the Fashion News from
“New York, Paris, and-London for my wife,
“The Star” to each of them is “My Paper!”

Whether it be a witty paragraph, or the
in “Bringing Up Father,” the
whole family enjoy the humour of “My

problems

Paper!”

’

Whether it be a political disctission of a
Government measure, or a searching analy-
sis of some sociological problem, I know
“My

I mplendid war cables.

A Few of the
News and Special
Features Exclus-

ive to

The Toronto

Daily Star

Cable service “from The
Star's own ataff men, not-
ably F. A. MoKengle, our
Landon reaident correspon-
dent, a veteran war writer.

In Italy, Mies Rosamond |
Doultbee, the o Cana-
dian woman writer in any
of the war sones.

In Britain, Thomas Geg-
gio. late Sergt.-Major K. O.
now on regular Star

He lias been In
regular army for 20 yeare.

In Ganada, special stage
men fn C\awa, *”~
Quebec. Winn per.
other Important centres.

United Press, leased wire,
exclusive In Toronto, giving
world news and including
Bpe-

cla} correspondents In each

allied, country.

All the Chicago Dally
News’ special cables from
@ staff of specially trained
war correspondents at var-
foua- centres In Europe.

All the Montres! Dally
Stare epecial cables from
Windermere and staf.

Y) Brequent specially con-
tributed aruciés (romebest
writers in the world.

The Dally Star ‘also re-
celves all regular news ser-
vices taken by other Cana-
dian dailies, such ax, Cana-
dian Press, American As-
pociuted Press, and Cana-
dian Associated Preas.

Exclusive rights to the
picturea of the London
Daily Mirror, also from
Tinderwood's, Dally Mail,
‘Topical, general Canadian
Official War records,
Sports, etc. *

[—_—_—_—$<_——$ es

}

GOSFIELD SOUTH. —

realize that~ a» Bake Shop carries many
more Table Supplies than BREAD?

Do: you

Cralls, Fruit Cakes, Jelly Rolls, &c., &c., which
are like the home made kind.

TRY AN ORDER HERE.

W. F. CURTIS

|
:

“Consider Safety First When Buying Flour,”

1S SAFE TO USE.

tamtye: every user covery bake day perfect protection against uncer
it le safe’ baking a eafo flour and a pure flour. :
Because it-le cafe It is the most economical. A
- Gold Medal Flour Is sold under®a guarantee of entisfaction or
money back. . : es =.

Brom tho cariiest timo in tho his-})

tory of tho farm tho’ staple field

Tt would seom that plain ‘buninoss

pradonce

would dictate tho pla ‘of
gg atocks in tthe Teaeaibn
t once, othawisoe there is

Nikely to be a serious loss of valuable
~ \food.” “” é :

Canada Good Aito Market,

par lhe the srincipal foreign
market for Mmeritahpaascnger motor)|"®§

uring the fiscal

year ended June

"1917, tho numior shipped to this.
‘antry being 1421, valued at. $11,-
ng V4, valued ot. $1111

C ‘Nea tn ah purchase of co
| motor ora, tho shipments

The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont

We boast of our Tarts, Pies, Cakes, Scones’

”

. Cottam. ~ 7

Wm. Martinson has moved to tho
farm below Cottam, which he recently
urchased from F. B. _Emery.—Rev.
fr, Creasy, of Ruthven, occupied*the
pulpit of the. Methodist church | last
Sunday morning and Rev. Mr. Pent-
land, of Maidstone, in the evening.—
G. F, June has, purchased Wm. Hill's
house and lot on Talbot street next
to the farm he. recently -purchased:
from Warren Malott, and has moved
to sume.—The Young Ireland Soldiers’ * ~
club has sent 117 pair of socks to the
at» the front. The boxes contained
socks, candy, fruit cakes and cookies,?
tobacco towels, soap, handkérchiefs, .~
Oxo cubes, candies, apples, gum. The ~_

{club has ent-117 pairs of socks to the

boys in the trenches since July.—The:
Cottam Epworth gue hoa elected —~
officers as follows:—Pres., Carrie Pét-
typiece; Ist Vice-Pres., C. T. Queen;
2nd. Vice-Pers., Donald Ferguson; 3rd
Vice-Pres,, Freda Helkie; 4th Vice,
Pres,, Ruby Hawkes; Set., Cecil Ted-
ford; Treas,, Earl Pratt; Organist,
Ruby June; Asst. Organist, Iva Clark.

Ee

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Elford.
Miss Poarl Elford-spent Sunday last

‘|with Mr. and Mrs, Jos.” Floming, of

Amherstburg.—Mrs. W. H, Sweetman
has réturned from visiting friends ang
relatives in Strathroy.—Miss ee
teacher of. our. Public school, spent
the weck-endiat her home in Gloncoe.
—Mr. and. Mrs, Robert Goodchild,
Malden, spent the whek-ond visiting
relatives in’ the  ¢ommunity.—Mre.
Fred. Garner spent the week-end in the
city.—Mre. Wm. Stockford, of Fourth:
Soction, and Mrs. Wm. Adame, of Ar-.
ner, spent last Wednesday with relay
tives in this place—Tho Bethel Lad
jes’ Aid held their regular business

mooting at tho homo of 3 i

Elford, forty ladies being | nt.—
Mr. Bini rand Mr
‘Mrs. C. ‘T, Garlick’ motored to Wink

or and Detroit on Sunday last
‘they spent tho day.—Mr, and
P. Rhoades spent Sunday Ia
Woodalee—Farmers in this comm
beg aro vory busy. présal

 
     

  

: ‘MEN! - Every Man Finds

What About Your Fall and Winter the Necessity of

 
     
       
    
      
 
 
   
   
 
 

     
          

   

Clothing Requirements? k
Ee a Warm Sweat’r
This isa bigger and better cloth-
ing service to men and when you aa wee a Oe Sade
seo the concrete evidence of this Papen canent rem
stateme it in all these new Fall and aie aS ate
Vinter requirements you will agree ras bea Ths U Hock
‘ that wo are right. We expect you abel P
* to pay us a visit, we ora Sonne tyles,
: upon it, for this personal invitation
i is intended for you, & PURE WOOL s
F MEN'S BLUR Senge Suir | The New Fall Hats & Caps Have Arrived. ne es
§ aE $12.50, $15.00, $18.00, $20.00, : —
3 MEN’S GREY AND BROWN SUITS The man who buys his hats at Berube's finds exactly what : =
‘ + $9.50, $12.50, $14.00, $16.00, $20.00 3 he wants ~ smart in style and sory fis hea. eee tea
MEN’ . satisfving toa man asa real sm at~-one that feels riplit,
’ so. tz, $18, $16, S18, $20, $22 oak cighk and priced right, Handsome Shoes :
pe * $10, $12, $15, $16, $18, $20, $22 t
MEN'S BLACK MELTON fF Fs < ;
, + $10.00, $12.00, $15.00 The “Fellowcraft Hat” for Quality _Choicest Aterican road canna pa Perfect fitting,
: \ % i perfect workmanship and good-valuc ‘This is the store f
i x MEN'S bs ape ONES Other Splendid P ® 2: 2 25 $2 15 $3 & $5 particular women who have Fall Shoes to buy. Men's, Won
: $ $16.50, $20.00, $25.00 Makes $1.50, 3.50 rice, 5 2 oh s ” en's and Children's Shoes which can't be beat for real value,
x ie ” iy sot ; : :

              
   
  
  
 

 

PHONE 14 _~ a.

     

 
   

    

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

  

 

     
   

 
   
    
    
  

    
 
 
   

 

 

   

 

 

  
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
 
  
    
  
 
    
 
    
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  

 

 

 
   
  

     
  
 
   

    

        

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

   

  

; - _ —— = a “ es Wh oo a eo eS Le ee ig ae Fae
EEE EEE PEPE SERRE REEFS SEEPS) i aC. nw oo |Towm Talet-—Two Act Comedy.| THOMAS’ DRUG STORE .| AAWAAAAAAANAAAAAA Ay
: ' ; ° ef-}toes at Brault’s, | ” oe its ‘AMHERSTBUR :
*, 3 h 00 S he —A fine assortment of ‘onions, ‘car- s , d. ‘ nl ° 3 .
6 fk Oak. Barrels C Cap. } re ast * | rots, cauliflowers, etc), at Brault's, ‘Let s All’ Get Marrie 0 ly 26 More Shopping Days Until CI iy istmas,
— ] , x | —Mrs, Fred. Kennedy, of Kingsville, | ; : Maxwell Carrington——With 3 18 78 : %
‘ $ A quantity of 44-gallon oak | | _ Self Rising Buckwheat Flour was a guest at’ John Clark's, this | Tehuration Tor wammematics ee
: z | h 31.50, at half {| And Maple Syrup’sounds at- £ ig arrive ints dior tes car |Ethel Carrington: “iis sister, a AGENCY °
Pitched ane tractive, We alsocarry Whole | o¢ cnoica purple top yellow turnip at SH IRE és Cc” Choose your Christmas Gifts now by
+ their cost to clear quickly. Wheat and Graham Flours. | Grault's, Pet ee cect Ae A N L A 5 : rie gee
Es , ‘) —Stephen Smith, who has been very Marjorie Miller ll dear, though di “who steals my purse steals trash,- Dut oie 2 small gas ‘ We Wall keep them
; a EE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont. 1 a, 4 AB ley tO He) around) the hades |S requsly ‘iiss CAGHN Gee TT Re That Nenhes Thom me my good ams for you until yourcall for them. oo
: aos Jf 4 ABA. } a : 1155 LAURA CHEE i Robs me of that which. not, enriches i. re
x J . | - LOVEG ROVE ase st % e —Rey. Waré, pastor of the A. M. B. | Golule Avra: Nis f competent Jane And ma} ; ae poor Bnei Sete = P
fe GROCER : : AS Oe abe: chase is moving to punkersi paris Oe MISS. MYT Mu elec neiening Ae eptlon russ wil Lin my. tine : Our stock of CHINA is better than every
. et i eJoofooteslonfacleatente ef | from Harrow, whd will oceupysthe pul-| Everett Payne=-The family Iswyer.....- lence, Robbing ‘Mie of tbat while
Z oh sieelechoelogs noses ooieciendetlorieclesderieeke poterlecbochelosdoninobeoloelerivinrineiovt 2 Patt a week from Sunday. By at - a 3 ‘ ED. MEM necailent ae fnrienes nity, an mikes Mo tired hefore: C
~~ TI Hadley Hall Monday night. ~ CONFINEO oe CANADA AO RU Mo. se Naa ee Ae ZWANLS and’ end ay
TUWN AND COUNTY. | adley Hall } ght ” yn inn. iar vee falta Moe. te ;
e : - abe MM: me sae Ds gone Dick Havens—An irresponsible Gndersrad- DIITS Our stock of. TO YS are now food but all
adley Hall Monday night. to Detroit to spend the winter. .| Only those men living in Canada uate ..; er fies « J BIRTHS. < = : fo
arte Delia Duff is spending a cou-| _—Don't fail to see Molvin’s stock of! may obtainghasistance for thelr fam- ck Foster Aper man, who shares | Bailex—mn Wheeling, Woeat Virginia, on will soon be picked over. ” ; ‘
elise Dela | Sheepskin Lined Coats, also Macki-| ; from the Canadian Patriotic |1°"* FAsac—\ Wewspaper man, "who st Tuesday, November Gthe 1917, the ¥ "a
ple iB weeks dn ao Steal ofM lnaw Coats. Fund ad forme of apgiiteaHin t6F Ethel's Boe. Aap pOb Se son wito- of Mr. Oporas Acc Nallays” of B
e —Just arrived, a & be ~ ’

--Noyember 28th, come and hear

 

 

 

 

    

 

      
  

 

 

   
  

     

 

 

 

  
  

{ Whe ohne wate ~ 1. son * ous 5
All Wool Sweaters at D! Fy Melvin's. | a . ate : ._ | Such funds should not be /furnished to | Blzrs—A ve Pay MPGORMICK ea eo ee heriesin Moohestor, Sridays November Come in hefore it’s too late.
Bo sure and seo Melvin youths* | rank cea violinist, from De-)men whose dependents ~ are -in the | Aasisted ‘by Alisses’ Inoz and. Rowena Reta SON, oe wife of Mr. James \, eas
(oma rousers before -[trolt, Town Hall, United States, according to camp or-|Harger, Mrs, WW. Wigle; Messrs, Artmnn J. | PNG, GF BROW = se : ‘ :
Bee ee TE TE esl use| Dy aj J a arn saRARE oe i ‘ y rents rpatibure | COx—In Ambhirstburg, Sunday. November me ‘
a as ek ae hee Hajor; ot fg ders, where recruiting — oflicers are,| Burns, Raymoilt Laferte and. Amberstburg | © iRth, {: the Wile of Mr. Willan = —— te =f -
- i 1 38 2t10 3. spe SUDCB-) warn } Vv t N us e if 24 P =
—Miss Jennie Blliott, of Sandwich, Mise § ie in See Earns ¢ earn ; that they should naa seni Mucpices Ready Workers) Society Presby- Sp OL A eee ag 3 ‘
ARSseues S. P. Smith, on | 44 rane Cees te - iP orms to such men on enlistment. The Corian ure! : oe aT. Whe or Mr * i
was venue st-of Mravt. I uth . Ford Glee -Glub, Town Hall, Satur- American Red Cross andjone or two TOWN HALL, AMHERSTBURG { Peer ee aoe re Wile of Mr. 4 2 -
Eek TS SECON Te andl Mt evenng,November 24th. Every-| special auxiliaries ar@vattonding to the | es) NOVEMBER‘ 28th, 1917 Ronaud—In.. Anderdon, Sunday, Novenibar : ve ae
is3 T bi are “on a_ irip onthe welcome. Admission 35e. +. | wants of the dependents of Amorican Prices 25¢ and. 35c- Isth, P47, Ne wity of Mr Arsene ; Re, . 2
aaa; ne mn "G "St marty fiss Mario Hellenberg, of Detrolt,| soldiers in the Canadlan forces. | Plan at Deyike-Drug Stove Nov. 17th Nenaud, oF a daughter, ;
stenmer A. G. § : z

d North, on Tuesday. No-

  

of Mrs, Campbell, Sickel-
1 place, Sandwich streat, tris week.

—The dredge Handy Andy is engis-
ed digging a ent at the Canard River
|to ullow fresh water to flow into the

M. brine wells.

he dnnual Christmas tree and
Ist church Sun-

   
   

| Wass—~tn GOR

pa ne ra 3 il St, 1947, the avife of Mr,
BRUNNER, MOND CANADA, -Lp,|DEATH OF EMMANUEL =BBRUBE, jaar Wags, uf! aso. es

> —Emmanuel Berube, prmoinent dry} ES =

goods ‘Merchant-of Amherstburg, pass- | MARRIAGES.

ed away on Wadnesday"nighty He had } Renotean—Molocho—Ar St. Jozent's N.

been; im~faillng health for several | PiU Res Wola G Dig an WR NOLET ce
1 we r S - ‘9 ‘Hor 10th, 1917 ow. IP. Tots C

years, and a week ago Sunday ‘was Mr. Sucens: Bapadaus ore Maldon

attacked w stroke Of paralysis

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.
—Si. Allen is cl > his grocery, : 3 v !
corner Gore and : y “streets, on
December 1st. He is advertisitig some
first-cl irguins in table supplies
in this Salevatarts at 11 a.m.
Friday, 2 r2grd (to
—Thie drawing of the cushion
test held at Mrs. Ryal Thompson's on Cu

  

           

AAA

 

 

 
   

 
   
  

   

 

 

THE-STORE OF VALUES ee

 

 

 

 

 

 

burg © Waterworks Plan—Make
Substantial Subscription to Victory
Loan.

 
    

Meting of Directors Approve Maka

     
 
     
 
     
     
        

  
 

 

  
   
 

    
      
    

    

  
   

       
 
  
 

    

  
   

 

rtainment of Cl

 

 

  

 
 

     
 

   
 
 

 

 

       
  

    
     
 

 

1 a ’ . Hhad, to Miss Clirlte Melochy, of An- >
yi sth was a decided—'sue-1.4 school will be held on. Thursday An important Directors niegting Was | after whicl » matter of his death! ‘dan. . ‘
% November li re Sane nolaneitic “December 20th. x _ [held at the offices of the Brunner, |was only a question /of time,. Mr. | Venomu—Taquette APSE, John the Taptist ,
cess, i Ms wor is mhompadn a ishies fot. secure your Christmas| Mond, Canada, Limited, Tuesday, Am‘ } Berube was born in Quebec sixty-elgint Tee ea ts LT re
lucky number. ATA UY ‘ presents early? We have a niéeHne!] ony tore present were Q. N,.Trump years ago, OF the-family hegs sur- . rd
; to thank all who assisted. \3 5

 

Gdson, tonh-or- Mr, John 2. Denea

of Ties, Silk Shirts, Mufflers, Cuff 83 Emma, daughter of Mr., Henry.

and J:

  
 

—Ford Glee Club will appear In the

 

‘Men’s Underwear-

pbell, ~ President and |vived by onc brother, Joseph, and ome

      
   
 
   
         

    
  

 

 

   
 

, jo. | Links; Tle Pins, ‘ete=D. B. Melvin. Secre Company, and Judge | sister, Mrs, Jedn Bedard, in Quebeo All df Malden.
7 Sa ay evening, No- e ne ar . : Lee. , nic widen—At the-home of the
- town hall Senrday uspiees of |. —Mrsv Hurry-Dromgole has_return-| Mill yract Sir Edmund Walker |'Three brothers and one sister aro ridé'Semothor, Nuthin, Tuesday, Now Cpa ee
vember , 24 ine ran I. 0 'D. BE, This |¢d-to, jiarMiome in Walacetown) after|and Z, A. Lash; Toronto, the Iatter be- | dead, The lattér was Mra. J. Bedard, : BY Nov, Mr. Creasy, Gentlemen:— »
Fort Malden Chapter, I. O. D. ade apetfili rea

 

ormey for the: Company.. The] mother of? Jt

  
 

if the last two weeks with her

° i, pe: ~Long, of Amherstbu to
club of twenty-eight membe Jedard, wlio has

 

he ae Sie ae Ses a Sar

   

  

 

PS se ae a as a 9

be ae

b - é =
as Rae wo | S1SLOrE Crowley, Park Sp.|yians of the Consulting Engineer, with !been mana r. Berube's business yi9i of Ruthven. Have you looked Over our. supply of Fall and: Winter
ne cee + EE pe == -sJ. Muloney Is gradually) reference to’ the Ambersthurg water-| for two yea Afr. Berube het only | Nore At Asoumpgton enurot : ay ¥ oe
audience, « . a ae 4 ‘ nee Harpe 10spi x me - oT ., 4 ay, Nuyvémber fth, + : 1. a2)
ee Es RG: growl stronger at. Harper hospital) works, .Whjs.a°met with the “appragh {n boy” went to Boston, Calgary and . , ANY >
e(ton Mio Proceeds) of ure cvenine toni al) goof bestucdl condition for| ct the . y Underwear? Here is a chance to get standard qualities

   

aay ' 2 Mr. Denis
the Daughters 6f Uic Empire, we can Proyincjal Board of Health,| Winnipeg, where he laid the founda- ae

 

           
  
 

  

Marentette te f dy, dawg
1 + 5 . = yer ™ tail : - Se . . bate
. aa ores hon |Temoval to her daughter's, Mra.Dar-| we submitted and thoroughly dis-|tion of hat broad commercial know- ter of Mr. J Bondy, all oF Sand- ‘
3 : pay them Bois uOr conn iste age es: Jeussed, and a tentative proposition Hedge which carried him to success.in sanay ich Wes ad RSE as well as save some money. Our stock of underwear was
to) A ge hall 10h a 35t. —Do you apprectute cheaper table] will he subm{tted very shortly to ché| after life. Pelt Se 1 g ; re :
ody welcome. Adm sot.

 

4 vw tha
He cameyto. Amlrerstbut: : <4

heide’s parents, on. Wednesda
town of Amherstburg, Another sm- ovér fort? ydars ago ns headyelerk for vember 44thy 1 by Thev,
vertadt item of busines® was the pass-|the late M. Twomey;-hero he mef Mrs. AL SRE ph Pate tO ALLS
ig of a yesotution making a subscrip- | Twomey’s niece,-Miss Margaret Hen- ey at par-
on of $100,000 to Canada’s Victory | ley, and thirty-four years ago they Leamington, on Saturday, No-
Loan, same to ko throwgh the Am-| were Murried at the™home of her only

vember sth, 1017. by 1
herstburg committee. 4 |slater, the late Mrs, Doherty, of To- Biuniden; aboth ot aie
Semen

5 Stunde both of Kingaville
CANADIAN EMBARGO ON ronto’ They had no children, She

| ear 4 tun ebureh,
survives him. Later Mr. Berube was pandwich Smber. 20th,
EXBORT CE BOODSTUFFS In the employ of his brother-in-law, the

 

Supplies? Read “how to reduco the
Coat ilving, in -S= Allen's roccry
learing sale -advertisement on page

         
   
    

   

» * ? —-Mr, and Mrs. John Hamilton lave
$ received some v {Interesting letters
elr sons, Ge », Glen and J
ee, eae ae fea “Rub. | 4 Stock up against the d to come.

; ae F r y. Ty a, | rs
, ber’ contained both ~ welcotie and —Wnr Trimble, tiiough yeurs of
: welcome news to the effect ‘thar ]/48¢, set,a mark for (We Amlierstburg

un rome IWS ihe

tely | council! Tuesday, when he mounted the
ba hile he had recbye completely ae ue LB eT.
‘ Pots his recent wounds he was again |,)!s Scraper and gave Elm nue such

fo oat ating {un all 12 rounding up that it ou to: shed
on the firing line, particip Hen Mae watey dl-winter. The aame kind of
are a t

        

 

bought at 1915 prices, which enables us to give you better Ms

       

   
        
 
   
  

x
4

MeCg Scans value for your money.

 
  
 
     
 

 

 
 

 

—_—__—. .

iS <S chook Shoes. -*-

     

    

      
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
        

10) by Nt 5 Noah, son of
Mr. Vietor Prieur, ap North,

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

    

    
 

    
       

 

       
       
  
   
 

   

      
       
    

 

     
        
  

 

 

     

   
     

 

    
   
 

    
    
  

   
      
       

     
    

 
   
  
  
 

  
  
      
 
   

echoes lederbedenlecbntecledoaleclendonfosfnfeclndoe| fofoeleofeunfefctecliceee

 
 
     
   
   
   
  

  
  

      
   
       
  

        

 

   

 

     

 

 

        

  
 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
   

    
  

   
 
 
  
   
    
  

  
 
   
   
    
  
  

   

  
 
 
   

  
  
 
   
    
   
   
 
  
 

 

i attle 1 | jInto lel Hénley, afterwards open- iss Marv Mcaume, of Sandwien,
thoybloody Wattles that aro tauine | on-athot Sirects would put them| Licenses: Will Be Required—Latitude |i. a store In es Which he ae Kowisby—At the Mothodist par-
placa daily, A: great aga of athe in shape ito withstand Qie lard wear Regarding U. s. ducted for three years, amd returned Scart GRRE CE ea eet :
fs last latte 4p pi + sl . - wet » arene Sack: 4 ' yea C u oth, 1917, Mroek mys 4 ‘a )
Mae Me dsog, but qiing between ot bad Weather,” AmorderJn-cdinell is hoonafitsagd [to Amherstburg 35 years ago. A gen- "Wrandoite,, Miche: to Miss “Faith | ¢ Are in abundance here., Snappy styles for boys and girls,
Fe SOOO Bea OU ere re at-? —W-. H. Falmer, of Colchester North,| “*.oreersn-council has been pits érous ‘fund of native shrewdness, a y  Maherstbire, , *y : ra
the lines, ont could ascertain that . ir +7 att | = Prohibiting the.export fréniiCanada toy og ~ ‘ orc{ay | Dezalre lebh : + ~ 4
: “Rub” is ¢ertainiy doing lifs bit. eabeaihs fiona has 5 atta ley all- destinations “arohd, othen than bee pee es Pees Suu pate eet Good reliahle footwear is what the girl or boy wants in
4 —T. H. Fox deciddd in yfleow of the | (funn a ao % te” United Kingdom, British posses-|) 07 BNC Sirict de Pia ae No one 7, by Rov. ‘
{ . . re of cjal |Mie cottages on Sandwith street. ~He : ; : oS) posses brought ifm  conspicuolis™ success, Merby  Hezalro 10 Miss’ Loa (A i k .
aif ee a oo 1 AOS Ot WHI huve charge of onéof the puinps. Le : fone: (meet of foodatuftd, Hevhen th fol vikop-<f health, his store | rHor ttt Snaerdon. school wear.” Bring your children in and be convinced.
o close the Lake Vie or a rinte ion ee aK ne eS wapg | feeding stuffs. fats,»olls, soap, fertl= : s SEE | Sp wea u 3 *
He and Mrs.,Fox ana daughter Edith Pas ie ote is i Hees aria eeaps lecres attsc hs apt that Usiaose may: qpmparey: reerevly with any estab- tot, 194g at hie Rector;
myesday DiOril . Tor De-| JUS AIEEE Wen > i 1e Te h ae hy |Ushiment in. Essex county. He was a A. » Clty 2 -
deft Tuesday morn by auto Tor De) 7°S* 2 2 rn aera be {ssued_ under regilations drifted by |; >. “a f : of Mr. Thos: A. Thornto re =
P It, whe liey were joined by Mr. | MRGPe ¢ wipmant- ys an electric hot tho=Food*Controller: 4 By ¥ | jovial, food-hearted man of broad symi- iid Evel Esor, Mauger or Mr NSE : ’ Fi
Peasine’ aio well known contractor, |@rink outfit, with chfha- and” silver} G ae Gdionat an cCharene y the /pathies and yery highly respected by] 4. Maeda Secor, of Detroit. Mich. . : ted
5 eee - nator tap disues. “Beef ted, Oxo, toimato boul} Gove 3 eee OUNCH, $0 coun Tay ally” le ands = a a : ‘ Fite
and: left qn/-Woedas cee iP peer Ae Hodentgon boulttion hot ahonBints anid trles In.siianeg with the British Em- His ark gy alae a eeasGpaie tn ae as 4 aOR ey : A
‘ Tampa, eee an eile” ee a othe spoolalties served at all timeg,| Pre aun Be armies “in the: Euro: | nai, of -charity;-and- he encouraged ; DEATHS. j s s (J
a : points, where they expect to rems 2 ST x re poan- field.” nthe cause of-export to - Tae * rs , | Berubo—In_ Amboratburg, Wednosd z F
Pe until tho last.of Mareh.—His- present eae pee Woe 5. HH next | the United States.the collector of cus- ee ee Pe RSS PODE ire VON pear mmanuel Berube, sm AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO, ‘>
« * plans are to in the spring. pomods l the Si 10.20 itm. and°7 p.m, Morn-| (2s at tho point of exit may grant | oxuse. Me on anor Groton LaF tite Dontette—In Wi i day, November | sf ? = =
a Lake View and reopen it, likely do aoe : “The Secret of nippy Neenses for mitk or fresh fish4n usual Chunsi, and gave 1€ genoroul anand 7] {Mh 1017, Y. SUN UF Alta, EIN- | seesfeateefeslertoszooss ofeefeefocgecS,
it, away entirely with tie bar, amdput a} 7% %! ing: “Unser Spiritual| M@antities, and for, shipments of foad, support TAS eats an 4 Pater ae eo atvainber ae ‘
¢ » moving picture show {un that part of Wels Pastor’s +h eos, | 8rtinw, of Jessa then 125 pounds, Mlourt>« 1
: 1 ae < ann rh} or at both seérvi¢es.| 27 i Thou ere 7 5 5 5 5 1h, 19 Mitosh, fx
a's 1s the building. The devglopment. of Men's rhopd "930 a m.; ‘Chureli of less than 25 barrels, butter of léks CCR LIbnt ies iests eeu aN are mer "Liven yee
* Amhersthurg and ita. fittre outlook iBT ‘Seats free. Strang-|‘44n 125 pounds, nnd for other ghip- will take place to-morrow (Saturday)
re will determine him on just what phase ors heartily avoleoméd. * |mments whick do not contain an amount niin ine nt'9.20 to St. John We Baptist Veribor ttt, 1917, Nency Markham,
$ tie contemplated aoe we or at —ftealizing thatythe credit business te apy ove commodity exceeding $100 fc church for-requiem masa, with| yi. Saba TaN cet at ie watcha FRASER. Brice GF
ke on his-return. he people of Am- - As A re cove [20 value. fede ts eit dohe A sartnhy—in Witidsor, Thursday, Nover ONN FRASER. ‘
serctburg in -feneral sch Mr, fd! tothe cost of everything, we, eee ES saint |{nterment In the R. C. cemetery. Der, 18th, 1017, derenian iccargne, {8 to J

6 fecided to sell on strictly a-cash
will Tenable us to pBive
2 at closer prices, Our

- “Mra. Fox a pleanant sojourn tlie com-
ing winter in the south. .

Ono of thoymost enjoyable even- be es Pete hae NSE
ings spent by Jocal dancers In a tong ate i ee eae, of
time, was participated in in the’ Bad- | ) “own Dro ap La ~ J. Reaune,
Jey Hall’on Monday evening, when ihe aa Grocer, Simcoe Street, Am-

26 Amherstburg ond | tS "OUrK. > matae :

etna y patlered ata ae ‘the : Another Amierstburg, boy's mame

- Peaived: ty Als strains’ of the ‘Koltag appears In the cnsualty dist thls week.
¥  orchostra.,.’The Mondayovening hops |.\' 88 Mra.-S, J. Pettyplece revefyed
are growing in popularity 7and eucn | '?!estam from tho Records Ofice,

Fook. brings out new facom There | OMwans follows: “Sincefely ragrot

   
 

2 —On oth » Malden, or Front
“In Kihgaville, Thursday, Noven- tau sit T brass cap off nuto wheel
15th, 1047, Aine Julia MacLeod, widow | Pinder please return to KR. CG. PRIMEAU'S
(Goderich Signal) | The people of Essex county will be oF the tate Willian ~OF-ytackemith sop,

- Windsor, “ared 01 ~ ere
Tho “win-the-war” label adopted by | sorry to learn’ of the sudden death of Morloy—in Windsor, Sunday, November LosT—Square nickel plated buinpor for
certain candidates Implies & Mbel upon Wm. A- McIntosh, former License In-

: $8th, 1007, Whinitred, infant daugh-|/aygomobile. Finder please return and re-
all who xefuso to support these candj-|2Pector for South Bssex, at Comber for of Mr. Horbort Morley: eolve award at TIUMBLE'S GARAGE, AlM-

dates It fs un uttempt- to bam op-{0 Monday morning, While he nad etre Nia iihry ee, November [nerstburg. Puan 60,
ponents with ‘the stigma of Betyg op-| been in failing health for some time, arts i. " ‘ .
posed to winging the war. It would in- His death was quite unexpected. Fun- Sen ere aT as aN Ae
deed, be bh difficult matter to find any- {eral chet: ae conducted at the arr i Oy a ee ean
bady who would not range himself un-| ome Wed

“WIN THE WAR” LABEL. | » DEATH OF“W>A. MEINTOSH. — | gran 2h! 38 Nears

  

 

 

   

 
     
        
  
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
     

 

    
   
      
     
     
 

   
  
    

   
   
  
  

—

   
 

 

  

       
     
  
  
    
     

‘ FOUND ;

FoUNC—In W, IL Joney’ store, a pock- |)
otbook containing u “small sum of money

    

 

  

homme, sared 36 years.
sday by Rey. W. H.|neno—in Mer on Sunday, November.

    
      
    
     

  
   

    
    
  
  

      
  
   
    
  

    
      
    
     
     
   
  
  
  

 

       
      
  
  
  
    
   
     
   
   
 
   
      

   
    
      
       

; ; HW a Reade, pag of 0 esbyte tRth, 1917, Mrs, Agnus Beno, aged $5 | and set of prayer beads, Loser can get |i
- Stal present from ‘out of town {2 iiform you Signaller Lloyd J. Pet-| er the “win-the-war’ banner if it dhitreh i eID tT vou ep oe a te ‘them. there. : ,
#7 mp Monday; and or jont {indicatidns |‘ Piece, Jutantry,» officially . reported |Te#ly meant anything, because every- a F Ha of py Deceased hail lived for some time at the
on one { a 8

 

   

 

body is in favor of winning tho war.
It {s to be remembered, however, that
the politicians are nét. wining the
war, The war js belng won, in the
first place, by the men in the trenches,
and secondly by the men and women
who are doing their part at honie in
keoping up production, sending on-

admitted Six Field Ambulance Novem-
ber 8th, Gnas polgon.” = No further
word has vince been received, and it
ix hoped that lie fs not seriously in-
Jured. > y

-:--A Good Joke-—G. M. McGrogor,
Manager Ford Motor Co., speaking in
tle town hall, Amherstburg, Wednes-

‘Grove cemetéry, Rev. H. M. Paulin of-
ficiating at Windsor. r

Mr. Mefntosh's boyhood home was
at Springfield: Early in life he learn-
od telegraphy and entered the employ
of the M. C. R., and Neld positions as
agent at Blenheim, St. Thomas, Es-.,
86x, Comber and other places on the

nme Of her daughter, Mrs. Hvorey Pros-
H. She te survived atso by a’ g6n, Albert,
Who lives mh tho weat. - Her husband died
40 yeurs ago.

~~ CARD OF THANKS.

Wo desire to express our Kincore thanks
fo our friénds who were so kind tn. our

aro that there will be a large turn out
ton Monday oveding next. Raymond
’ fremblay, who sang very sweetly on
Monday evening, was very much. ap-
prociiited and résponded with encores.
it is needless to say that the Kolfage
orchestra js winning much favor. They
‘are playing tho latest selections for

 

      
   

        
  
   
  
     
   
      
    
     
     
   

 

   
   
   
    
     
       
    

 
   
   
    
    
      
      
  

 

 

Meat Prices Lowered

     
   
     
      
    
      
   
     
    
    
     
    
   
    
 

 

    

Until further nofice, following pflces IT'S B =
will be charged at our Butcher Shop: But the Earlier the Retter _

   
  
   

   

 

    
    
  
    
   
    

   

| PeConk Dereavenient, especially Mra. Geo, gj = 1 When It-Comes to Patting ~

3 riy.| COuragement to the men at the front, Une. At tire Intter place ho was mar Dallwy, : r : i ek Coal

< all the intest dances, Dancing com- ae ae a Fe ota abe pe ate and giving Ume and® onergy to the |Titd to Misg Margiret McAllister, eld- ; The Family ‘of Jotun A, "Westaway. | Rib Roast Beef, per th............25¢ Your Win ald,
aL SiG ee tay Sram ety tlonship- with the "Borg arpa many duties which the war occasions, |°3t (ausiiter of Duncan McAllister, and| November yown, 1917,

         
  
    
   
   
   

Too many of the politicians — are, |{@¢y tad one son, now Dr. Verne Alex- " 5 ES
a poe ee at o ot, playing aE pee ee cic etre THE MARKETS, :
erests: which |)3 0°? ‘ “ —-— :
ri 1 o 5 pas =a

Bean re Nr oH Dro ot Tanensphagiane eca ee Friday, November 26rd.
Interests have don rotty woll nt at Whicli ‘position he held until 1906, af-|Flour, No. 1, oe
the war so far, bul greed 13 nevor |{efWards recelving an appointment on|Corn Meal, per cwt....2..... 2 60}
datiitiod. avait) a NeVEF | thi excise and customs staffs, Wind-| Wheat, per bushel.......:;.. 2 05})
; patriotic dust during tho sloctiou cam. (#%, Which ho Weld until last May,|OMS 0... eeteoesccicscass BBL
power n* sight norman ligne cruisers , which fled aign to blind the electors thoy. feel fet tho hes on 4 stroke, which he| 24 eee
@ largo. ex-|through Meligoland Bight Saturday! sure:that they enn continue to pull |22tered two eee me ee ey., Por. bashal.
‘units that the local|efore British warships of similar| tho strings that he couldn't continue on duty. He| Buttor
"

to thelr own advantage. | cana .
type wore pursue? to within 30. milos| Th and Mrs. McIntoslt gave up their home |Potatoes -...... 5.5
uni mete hate ie een te bel pl Me electors will do well to examine x,

{ th the, |i Windsor o ago, when” thero| Hogs, yar ewt..
tito: Troteetion of the German hattlo| war" candidate aad non wit ee, (seemed ttle hope of hls) recoveries bites
da _— Rg bere id ‘he habs for puking sitly : nd ie ew |
crulsers wus observed to be in| Th ey
» Gnd the mackinery ther} tin
te 5 od, L b:

———&—____——_—_—_—

 

  
   
    
  
 

    
   
  
    
   
   
  

 

 

Rump Roast Beef, per th....22c to 266] ¥ ott Save RoR a
Shoulder Roast Beef, per 'th.......220]) abies ei

Chuck Rokst Beef, per tb..20c to 220
Chuck Steak, per tb. +240] |
Round Steak, per tb

be classed an -“Amheratburg Old Boy.”
Sal he, amid gales of laughter, “My
mother was bora 71 yeara ngo in the
stone building now used as offices by

trios 7 srst-| © Brunner, Mond. / T-hear that they
Prtietiiions litcesbeos foapened [T° putting “a new roof on it. If it
en the Wssex County Electric Co.| VT? in 28 good condition as, my niotli-
fhe. Hydro-Mleotric Commission, |“ /* wouldn't require a noW rool.”
A tc 4

aro charged...
—Ovwing to tho increaset demand
for electric power from the Brunner,

fond Go. and other projected indus-

 

    
   
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 

 
    
   
       
     
   
 
   
 
    
  

  

   
 

    
    
    
  

         
   
  
   

     

 

 
 
 

 

     

mi
