 

 

    

Whole 2,277

The Falls - Barron Co,

Coal, Farm Produce and Live Hogs.

   

 

 

BIG BARLEY RECORD.

 

    
  

  
 

 

 

  
  
  
 

 

W. H. Knister, County Ronds Super-
intendent; Rochester township, thresh-
| ed 12% acrep of barley this week. 6%
jacres turned out 638 bushels to ae

|] Qcre, and the other six acres, 63
bushels.

BASEBALL IN AMHERSTBURG.

 
        
        
  

   
  
   
 

 

THE MOLSONS BANK

 

 

Three big games of baseball are ' j

| scheduled for the town park, Saturday, FALLS BROTHERS:

August 3rd; Monday, the 5th (Civic
DEALERS IN

Holiday), ana Thuraday, the 8th. On
Saturday at 4.30, Detroit Southwest-
Insurance and Real Estate cae
AMHERSTBURG, ONT. . z

 

    
  

6% INTEREST
Town of Amherstburg Bonds

Dehominations $1000, $500, &e.
Interest Payable Half-Yearly.”

INVEST. YOUR MONEY AT HOME !

If you have money earning 3 per cent. why not putt in an
absolutely safe invéstmentand MAKE IT EARN SIX_PER CENT.

at the same time showing confidence in your Home Town

 
 
 

¥e 98 Branches in Canada.
@rns vs. Amherstburg, Brush pitcher.
Monday, at 4.30; Pickering will pitch,
}and Thursday at 6 p.m., Wellington
| and Canard Greys vs. Amherstburg.

Byerybody come and help win the
(hrée_games.

   

a0Gturoeeesvon

                

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

-SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT."

Interest allowed at Niguest current rate,

  
   
  

 

=———

BOWLING TOURNAMENT.

 

 
 
    
 

The annual tournamént of the Am-
herstburg Bowling Club will be pulled |
off next Monday, Civic Holiday., - Ey-
erything points to a large entry lst
and with favorable weather, one of
the most successful tournaments ever |
| beld by the club, Arrangements hive |
been made to have lunch served on}
the grounds, so that there may be no
delay between games, the schedule |

Ri B. SAMUEL, Manager,
Kingsville Branch:

 
 

W. S. FALLS, Manager,
Amherstburg Branch.

oeavevovecvev0viospaceorerineeoooereE

     
   
  
 
  
  

       
   

  

 

    
 
  
 

AoocuetasancoocaceuaneraD

    
   
 
  

       
    
       

 

Daeseasovacccvaes waepoassicuctcsnsararatacoasneeacactainuene

 

 

 

 
 
   
  
   

FOR SALE

Advertisements in classified column one

Miss SULLIVAN'S REALESTATE AGENCY

Phone 200, Amherstburg.

 

  
       
     
  
  
 

 

 

     
  
 
   
    

 

 

    
   

2 cent a word. Wo charge less than 260, by buying its Debentures. calling for only one day’s playing, Ow- 5 :
tie Best aol ne Small advertisements, 15 worde or under, S
‘OR SALE—lioure with barn and three i! : ’ ae. ing to war conditions, the annual The P.
ac a: of jaod, A small orchard. MISS M. Sse Se ee OO = Applications can be made to a moonlight boat ride was eliminated ont IS, How Much
: Boao eno ee ee ey EMI COT RUT eet | DR-WeER ED, BARE, oR A. Je BURNS, from this year’s program.
"FOR SALE—A new modern cement block ! Town Clerk ae
acres of ground. Ss

Mayor.

    
 

Seon river, front, 3
SULLIVAN Ss 4 eee os ce
FoR SALE—A_ new modern, house on
river front with ‘all. modem improvements,
MISS M. SULLIVAN. a
FOR SALE—Large house in town; first-
class repair; all modern conveniences:
cheap. f sMARY SULLIVAN, Amberst=

“FOR SALSA “kinds of 86 und 1
acge farms ii) Anderdon, Malden and
cpester South; good bargains. M

H ‘ TO OBSERVE WAR'S START.

 

sey cow. TARRY hie ARDS
Phone 65-111.

_ FOR GALE—A quantity of oats, 81.00 a
/ HE ARNER, North Malden P.

 
    
 

 

    
    

 

 

 
  
    

The .,Ontario Government has
issued o royal proclamation calling
upon the people of the province to -fit- al
tingly observe the fourth anniversary
of the declaration of war by Great
Britain’upon Germany. The proclama-
tion advised the holding of public
meetings everywhere throughout the

    

 

 

         
  

Te tn TR Ra a es a ig se LLLP PPP OPO OOO @-@~ i |] i

TOWN AND QOUNTY.

—Norman Barlow is Able to be out’
again.
—Mrs. Stevens, of Strathroy,
guest of Mrs. Allen, Ban Pojnt.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.
Arner.
Miss Robinn Agla spent.the week-
jend with relatives in Harrow.—Miss

   
   

   

yours old.
1, Windsor,

 

 

    
  

Put it in THE BANK

That money this young man puts: inthe ‘bank each

  
   

 

 

 

“year-old mare wolgting
fat and in ggod. condition,
Harrow P.

   

 

   

is the

   

VAS. Phone 206, Amherstburg,

FOR, SALE—Two Morey fram
with Modern improvements: large Jot.

 

registered = Lincoln,

Arner-P, 0.

ho}

 
  

 
    
 
 
     

 

     
   
   
 

   

a new car, Just psed twice., Patties te ; and lots, East
ing town. bargain. apply. MISS SULLI- desirable
as Phone 95,
FOR SALE—So-acre farm’ on 8u

  

of Maiden,-biick loam fJand, wth a house
and. stable On same; also & gdbd orchard.
Will be sold’ cheap. Apply SSS MARY
SULLIVAN.
FOR SALE—25-acre fu
Youse and ‘large barn, a
buildings. out. two m
hear schoo) chureh,

MARY, SU

p touring car. All
inery in good shape,

   
 
  
 

cylindor, seven-pas
Ures new and roa
JONES! 8 .

  
    

“farm with good
other’ good
fram town;

rice reasonabie.

~StOrey hous
ree St

Brock- and
Amherst-

“FOR GALE—A large tw
and Jit-corner Richmond ani
shire to OHN: RYAN,

‘urray Sts.,°or P. 0. Box 231,
burg.

 
 
  
 

   

S-room house-and von, J of facing purk, Sandwich |

       

outside towns 40 foot frontage, rons tO PAMhorsthurg, 60'x180', pavement, sidewalk,
channel bank; 340) feet agen, owner and sewer connection. Desirable building
Ie avinks wants 10 soll. Apply MISS M.jJot, Cheap for quick sale.—Apply at Echo

Oontice:

FOR SALE—A lack Percheron me
ing four, or will exchange her for
caltie, Also several. nifty

and Polands, pats
hirstburg PR.

to ent he ve

residence” on Dailho
Street, ATibarstts For pas AMeuliur
terms @| mn Ato AG)

ET, “Att
Margaret ‘eat Ente,

Phone 20 :
fomjer farm of
jon. Townlin
Rood house 4@
Apply MANY CLIVA
04, VAI
FoR Le—Large lot on North Street,
60 feet frontage, AS i ond sinter trees
derdrained, ung fru! nd shade
Will be sala easonables Apply MISS M.
SULLEY, »_ Am tburg. Phone 206

FOR: SALE—Large bullding on the
side of Dalhousie Street, known a8 tho
Fraser Roller Rink; all ‘ouk Noors;, size
120x50 feet, Would ie ear iCy for.
moving picture show or howl le
Wil be void cheap. MARY S VAN, Pi
Of Bom 35. § hon

mile fron 4
Pike Usa

mgles:’

, comprising {modern Semi-bung:

rooms, electric Jingnt and bath;
collage, § rooms, électnin- lignts®; 1 omod-
orn dwelling with electric lights, bath and
basement, A Dirgain ap sold at anew, Also

factory sito wi somr from NoY,

AVE. CRAIG, Authersthare. Hote” Piuk
00-acre Tarm, ard con

W house, fut? basen
Ih, din room an
hedroo 3 upstairs.
well fenced and drain-
‘ca timber; close

is Dalhousie
jarge Juwn, 90 feat frontaxe by 1
feet deep, Tlouse—3 hed rooms, double
parlors, dining-room, kitchen, One of the
ests locations in town: facing. river front,
pply. MARY SULETVAN, Fort Street. Dox
206

sion, Anderdon;
20025; living
kitthen, downstairs.
Sal) binck clay loam,
ed; acre Oo)
Brunner, Mont

 
   

  

beat

‘FOR 6AL
Dalhousie

ag. hard; oF

Apply, M.

FOR 8ALE—Ilealey: res
Street; modern; dovinje parlor,
hall,.dining room and) kitchen:
rooms and bath: upstairs:. olectric Nkhts snd
hot water furnace; Mardfwond. Noors; paint-
fe and paened thrauinoutt, Frontage
eet by 120 feet deep. Apply on the prem-

nto JOHN FRASER. :

   
  
 

the finest how
pption hall,
room, kitchen, all Ni
bedrooms anf bath u
elosets, full basement,
lights. upper and. Jower verandabs
ng river; lorge carage. of terms.
TARY Fort Street, Ps 0.

rev
three bed-

App!

Hox 35,
FOR 6ALE—Largo brick house on Dat
houslé Street, with reception ball, parior,

 
   

 

  
  

prising 48 acres,

   
   
  
 
  
  
 
 

   
 
  

  
 
 

; nderdon, 2
oo itchen, . Us- ¢ * Hiiles from B, M.
stains cea Tayo with clothes “Good house and Yixen with — brick
$; also Wall, bath and toflet. Full | block Rey shed, turn cri, never-
ent with stationery tubs: electric be ecom and tobacco

f " OWT ‘an a ee wae OHS
nm town on” de AD) OHN
MIRE, Auld PB. 0. Pihone ne 165 ai.

Hondid) Ho won sand=

. Amberstbureg. bedrooms,

throam, réd cedars clothes Joxet up-
reception hall, large livin; room,
Dan: parlor ‘downstairs; iardy
Slootrie lights, and large velnonnak:
practically ne wil be sold chia Heap.

y MRS. SOL. WIILTE, Sandwich Stireet.

; hot water furnac
Large‘barn with cement Noor; wat-
ctric lights: One of the
Apply to MARY SUL-

  

 

 
 
 
 

FOUND—Pocketbook with money. Own~
or may -wet_same by proving pronerty and | i
calling at CHARLES TARRI heratburg. A

  
 

 

On sale for one week. commencing Sturdy, the
remainder, of our stock of LUMBER.

Everything will go cheap, as we are “going onl of
the Lamber business. fe

iy

     
   

{and Marshfield

»{gugar beet patch that fs a winner, the

|stallion died suddenly on Monday from

\

 

 
 
     
 
   
      
    
    
  

 
 

Sylvia Levergood, of Malden, is visit-
Miss Verda Harria.—Mlss Josie Stad-
don is spending.oa few weeks with
her sister, Miss Clara, at Pickering.—
Arthur Brimner has - recentJy _pur-
chased a Studebaker auto.—O, Lock-
wood and daughter spent Sunday at
Gordon Lott’s.—Mrs. R. A. Scott and
children are guests at E, Chamber-
Jain’s, Thamesville, this we¢k.—Mra.
Minerva Brimner and son Frank have
returned to Detroit_after visiting at
A. _Brimner's.

COLCHESTER NORTH. -

Pte, Adrien J. Bondy, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Alex. Bondy, South Rear Road,

 

 

: }ie quite seriously iN invthe military
a

hospital, London, with heart and lung
trouble.

The district between New Canaan
recelved a welcome
heavy rain Monday, which freshened
things up a great dea). Harvesting ia
going along fast} and all grain will be
housed early this year.

The South Rear Road district this
year was not adversely affected by
the dry weather, the*crops there com-
ing along fine.,; Alex. Bondy has a

beets already having a size thet out-

strips anything of the kind there-
abouta> wf
New Canaan.
William Lepain’s fine Percheron

colic. The animal seemed perfectly
well on Sunday. He was valued at
about $1,000, r.3
} Edgar Mille.
George Gould -visited in Highgate
last week.~—-Threshers are *busy’ now,
and’ grain {6 good {n both quality and
quantity. Wm. Hendricks threehed
about 8,500 bushels of barley from
140 acres.~Cecil Stobbs, of Leaming-|
ton, called on friends here last week.
—George Gould shipped a fancy ‘pair
of Shorthorn cows to J. D. Brien, of
Ridgetown, last Friday. These are the
highest priced cattle that have left

  
  
 

this district, and are likely intended
for export to the United States.
oS

Phone 46 P. 0. Box 237
ELECTRICITY

Crean - SAFE CuEaP

Orion P. Barron
4 ELECTRICIAN

INTERIOR WIRING A. SPECIALTY
Estimates Furnished. -

   

 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 

 
    
   

 
    

 

—Miss Thresin Ryan, of Cleveland,
O., 1s a guest of Miss Bileen Kelly.

Mrs. Dave Girardin: and children,
of Detroit, spent a few days in town

—Mrs. John Nassr and children, of
Sandwich, are visiting Mrs. Asmar. -

—Miss Dlizabeth Grant is visiting
her sister, Mrs, George Jamieson, of
Sarnia.

—Mrs. L. A. Seavitt, of River Rouge,
Mich., Is visiting her ‘mother, Mrs.
Cook, Sandwich street.

—Mrs. (Capt.) W. L. J. Girardin, of
Cleveland, {5 the guest of her parents,
Mr. and Mra,.W. J. Smith.'

—Mrs. Goldstone has returned: to
Milwaukee, after a visit with her fath-
er, Alexander Mackenzie, Fort street.

—Fred. Reaume, of Bois Blanc, pur-
chased and raised the steel yacht Pir-
ate, which sank at the Lime Kiln last
week,

~—Mrs. George Rose and daughter,
Miss June Rose, of Clevejand, ‘are vis-
iting her parents, My.‘and Mrs. Wm.
Kelly, river front.

—Mias Jessie Duff hag returned to
her desk in the Imperial Bank after a

 

‘two 4aveeks’ holiday, spent in Walker-

ville and Windsor.

—Mr,. and_Mrs. Jamed Carey and
Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred Kelly and child,
of Lansing, Mich., are gueéate of Mr.
and Mrs. Wm. H. Kelly.
+The harbor tug’ West
from Harbor Beach,
week,

Neebish,.
arrived here this
She will. be uged by Major C.
Y. Dixon on a month's job sweeping

obstructions of railroad
channel.

iron in the
A number of local boys are
engaged on the job,

, WEVDSOn. |

Alfred J, West, news editor of the
Windsor Reodrd, has been appointed
managing editor. to succted Charles
L. Barker, who resigned Tuesday.

.Mrs. George Bartlet and Miss Mar-
garet Bartlet, 42 Victoria avenue, left
on’ Wednesday’ to spend,the balance

 

 

of the: summer inj Lake’of Bays dis-
rict. “Mrs, Noble Bartlet and three
little ddughters. will accompany them.
Walter Warlow, 7 years old, uncle
of George Warlow, clerk in the Wind-
sor police. court, was drowned Tues-
day night while swimming in. Mont-
real harbor, Mr. Warlog. is survived’
bby 11 children, including three sons,
who have been NEE in France

singe 1914.

Rather than returri to Cannda as
surplus in rank, Major W. J. Baxter,
son of Mr. and Mrs."E. J. Baxter, of
Windsor, has reverted to the rank of
captain in order that he might return

the Livingstone channel to remove alt

  
   
  
  

province for the purpose of strength-
ening the nationa) will to victory and
passing resolutions reflecting the de-|
teYmination of the people of Ontario
to Continue whole-heartedly in support
of the war, unit) Germany is defeated
and justice prevails.

ae a

SUGAR RATION TO BE ADOPTED:

 

, The sugar ration in the American
ary 1st willsbe out to two pounds per
person a month by the®United States
Food Administration, in\order to as-
sure a sufficient supply for all the al-
lied nations. England is now on the
sume basis; France allows a maximum |
of one pound and a nalf, and the Ital-|
inn ration lias been reduced to about
one pound,

The, new American ration will cut
one pound per persom-ench month from.
the household schedule, and the people }
are asked to accept it voluntarily. The
twopound ratiom will include all sugar
used on the table and in cooking. |
Orders also are to be issued govern-
ing public eating places and limiting}
the use of sugar to two pounds for
every ninety meals served,

I

SEPP eae

al
Ha

TURKISH WARSHIP >
SEIZED BY TEUTONS

 

Despatches Say Break’ Resulted From
Taking of Cruiser.

=

in et aI Saleh ae ae

 

An. Exchange Telegraph despatch
Copenhagen says:

“Direct and indirect statements from
Constantinople confirm the report that
relations ~betweén Turkey and Ger-
mapy have been severed. The excite-

ment against Germany hasbeen grow:

 

ing, particularly after last week's
events.
The Germans some days ago set

forth a demand for the Turkish cruis-
er Hamidje, the only uarge. ship now
in possession of Turkey, as compen-
sition’ for the Breslau, destroyed in
the Dardanelles, ~

In spite of Turkish protests the
Hamidje, under the Gérnian ing, left;
for Sebastapol.

oo

GOUNTY COURT, JUDGES
NEXT.TO SEEK RAISES

8 ‘
The latest body of workers to be af-
fected by the unrest regarding the
wage scale are the County / Gourt
Jndges,of Ontirio. A numbér of them

 

met at the King Edward hotel, Toron-

to, Monday morning, and discussed the

question of obtaining bettér salaries.

They have bo far not threatened to
strike. Their salaries, they .claim,
have not been raised in 40 years, and

 

 

fais

> pay day, is not only making his balance grow, but’ it is
also. building his self-reliance and his character. \His
boss is watching him, too, because the bey with the bank-

ing habit is always on the job and is the first to get Pro-
moted,

Come in and start your bank account to-day. °

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA =
«Amherstburg Branch, | C. A. CUDDY, Manager |
Harrow Branch P..-F: Clark, Manager

 

         

 

   
 

A: Paint Bargain

“We Have About

By) Gallons Old Paint

in odd colors, in Pints, Quarts and
Half Gallons. »

ALL FIRST-CLASS STOCK
Selling ‘at Before-the-War Prices.

 

 

Come Quick Before It’s Picked One
EVERY.CAN GUARANTEED.

anal

Bafavare.
Etc.

 

W. H. JONE

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.”

to France.

Cor. Goré: and Seymore Sts,
AMHERSTBURG ONTARIO ~

\Tenders for Drainage Work

TownaniP OF GOSFIELD SOUTH,

He recently took “e staff
‘fcourge at Cambridge” England, after
two years’ service in France with the
‘Eighteenth Battal

- William Tealian, the fourth son of
Mr. and Mra. Dennis Teahan, of Wind-
sor, to enter the Candian arihy, left
for London, Ont., Wednesday after-
noon to join a unit in that.city. One
of the sons, Lieutenant John Patrick
Teahan.of the Sherwood Foresters, |
9 British regiment, was reported misa-
ing“two years ago and his fate has
not yot been learned:

Found guilty of stealing an auto-
mobile, ‘Norman Weer, 19 years pu
of London, pleaded Waednésday in
poulca court that hé be allowed to join

the army cepted a being pennslled

Prison, term. »~ Magistrate

sien done ie appeal. ‘declaring that
thieves ou, not to associate with

| Canndfan soldiers. Weer waa eon-
tenced to an indeterminate term in

some of them say that were it not for
the extra income | they derive from
commissions, arbjtrations ,cte,, they "
would not be able to live. In.general : t
the County Court judges, are paid $2,-
500 a year, with some us high as $3,-
000, Judge D. F. McWatt, of Sarnia,
was elected Prenient of the eee :
tion.

A
ANTHRACITE WILL BE. SCARCE.

      
 

    

THE J. R. PARK ESTATE

_ AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

 

 
 

}
—

   

  
   

\
Lea Se ee es i 2 ee

Teeeeeeeeetebdetderd

 

   
 
  

 

 
  
 

phe bhethd

 

  
  
 

 

  
  
 

   

 

  

          
  
 

   
 
   
    
   
  
 

«, SEALED.,TENDENS. will be received fy
The undersiied up til 12 o'clock noon,

SATURDAY, AUGUBT) 10th, 1916
+ Vor the following drainage work:—The re=

b : * : si airs of the 4th Concession, the Scratch
: fe 2 . : - N aie oat iM seek And we Drains and the Upher portion

BE Are Now on Exhibition and for
Sale at Our Garage.

 
     
  

  

A méeting of the tayors and coal
dealers of the border municipalites
and sé@Veral representative business
men of Windsor was held on Monday
when B. S. Estlin, of the Department
of Mines, spoke on ‘the coal aituation.
Mr, Estlin stated that he had bean 4n-
formed by the Fuél Controller at Ot-
tawa that the only, way for the towns
and Cities within the natural ean area
to secure coal supplies: wis by
the matter up energetically ah, the

   
   
 
 
 
 

      
    

  
  
   
 
 

 

at
the. Clerk's 0 nen, Town Hall; Hingwilte
Tho jowest nor any tendar nob necessar~
Wy_ accep ten,
Two Satisfactory sureties required with

Sach tender.
: GW. COATSWoRTH,
Clerk.

 
   

~ GENERAL CONTRACTORS
for Sewers, Water Mains, Sterl, een:

  
  

   
   
  

       
     
 

 
  
 

     

é “Canada and'the ship-,
_ We are prepar: pared to ‘demonstrate: this wonderful’ labor Tenders for School, | Bie jos, atfsop fam rot omaaa er ast bers nthe alted: Bates, es i
ei: terested. 5 fi to’ obtain ,
= Saying. inactive to anyone int “SEALED! TENDERS ma mare a for) any one Nabe nes ® deputation should be sent from
fF - lew. Seliool aan ae veg tes i : --> | district ke tho.mattor up with the

pate | Domini

) el Controller
Mr, Eatin Anfo)

od
()
— AOTO-INTOXIeATIC:

new Dominton parz and game sanciu-

—Appointed axperintendent of ma
ary at Polat Pelee. Frank H. Conover.

of Leamington, has chosen C. A. Cul

1.0.0.F, RATES REVIZED.

-+ feild ws”

At’the annual meeting cf the Odd-
Reef" Assoriation “held <dn

len. F. S. Moss and George W. Jack-| Kingston, the Committee on MIitary

#on. aii of Leamington, as an advis
ory ¢pmimittse to assist bim In per:
fecting an organization that will be

known a3 the Point Pelee Park Asso- |

park will be open

We Are As Full of Dezcly
Poisons As A Ger-
Laboratory.

may put it"in your pipe and smoke It
you don’t watch
Mali Order Gobjin.
comomnities, Do not let it rain ¢
community. It is the greatest detr:
mea? and in the énd will be the means
of lowering your property value. If
you are loyal to your home town you
wilh patronize your home merchant.
—Tomato vines are not fruiting well
this year. By actual count one aver-
age vine of ¢ ommon love apple
had only twenty-four apples,
ec matoés, ranging in size from th of
hen'’s egg fo a cricket ball. and all
quite green. If weather had been
warm in June would at least
ve been four dozen tomatoes on this
vine, and about one dozen of them
The complaint of meagre fruit-
very general,—Port Rowan

OR SELF- POISONING

“FRUIT-A-TIVES” Absolutely Pre-
vents This Dangerous Condition7.

The chief cause of poor heall’: is
our negicct of the bowels, W
matter, instead of passing from
lower intestine revclariy every da;
is allowed to remain the
poisons which are absorivd by
Liood.

In other words, a»person who is
habitually cons:jpated, is poisoning
Limself. We know now that 4u/o-
tnloxication, duc to non-action of the
bowels, is directly re. i sete
serious Kidney and Bladsl ter B appea 2 :
that it upsets the Stomari : the year be id away hack every
Indigestion, Loss of App 1ce OUT boyhood. and te doesn
denote anything unnatural! “at ail,
more than .h¢ wrinkies on a cow's

In other-worda Z

relieved 43 s00n as the bowels bécome at Boss

lar: an 4 pl call & ‘hoe-axe
regular; — that Phoy E aee x 5
een p yth. . a
pews mags a> : Methodist minist ¥
disappegr, when 4 en tendered the important poat
taken to corre ry of the Departme

“Fruil-a-l > and Evangelism for

dinst Auto eh in Canada, a:
ea A sou J. H, Hazelwoi
this wonderft

idrawing beca
directly on all n Rev, Mr. 2}

De. a box, 6 for $2H, tri : ct congregation
At all dealers or sent on rev 4 re were expressions of

‘ TAGS passed per-
price by Fruit-a-tives Limited Ottawa event of'a

being Made:

olea Advertls

g an omen of
ratburg . Echo
ying: “The. let-

found on oat leaves be
bat. the

atiam, Gout

of Listowel,

to the

TOWN AND COUNTY.

sans -
‘——Dres proposed in-
Martin T tes On Canadian
ying her holidays in [ratir which will amount to from
3 5 tan the clos-
es In this

ot Com-
warded pro-
Since the

by

Américan

f you valine
t aay baby

—Warning
don’t bev“

r motion-;

from” observ-

anring
year. been déeréed,
e rigidly enforced

“"—An order in council providing that

no cisco or lake herring of lex i

thintsix ounces, round weight, Ht

be caught by fishermen. has been

but

in Goderich over Sunday
and dpring Sunday, night five boys of
tae erew. broke into Lynn's Ice cream | passed at Ottawa. The new regulation
Stand and helped themselves Con-| provides that-{f any person catches a
stable Gundry went to Kincardine and | fish of. less thar the minimum weight
arrested them. They were brought] le shall liberate it in the wuter_alive
before the magistrate and pleaded ]and uninjured In. order to ensure
gmalty to the’ chargesand were remand: | that the fish caught sital! not be {n-
ed for sentence, being fined $46 each. | jured, it is provided that the sorting of
Tie Dollard {rquentiy puts in at the different sizes shall be done under
port and wae here on her way up the | water and before the fish, are removed
lakes, from thé implement in which» r
—Detroit claims to fave gained be-| have been captured. In the past there
twhen 142,795 and 287,590 in popula-| tas been a great waste of these small
tion In the past thirty months The} hi especially in the flaheries. df Lake
figures are those; of experts and dire | Erie
based on the experience of public wil —The following cundidates from Es-
ity companies, They will be used tojsex andi Kent countjes have passed
“reinforce the demand for a bigger] one or more parts of the Upper School
hard coal quota eS / amination for entrance Into the
—Cards, bearing the names of the }'Faculties of Education at the Univers-
1,600 males in Son 188 ho hive |\ity of Toronté and Queen's University:
expressed 4 4 10 assist. In PM. Bennie (Pt. IE), G. Baker (Pt. IL),
farnh work, are now in the! hands of | M. BE. Brewer (Pt. IL) M. Corfett (Pt
J. W. Noble, District Représentative, Jf). H. J. Gorlett (Pt.4.), V. Gox (Pt
Essex. Any farmer therefore neodihg | t.. with Blology), L. Crow (Pt, L), D.
help, is Fequested to make appilcation | Ferguson (Pt. Why, B: I Halliday (Pt
I, honors), B. Hinnegan (Pt. M.), EB.
Hird (PC 1), A.M. MeDonald (Pt.
I), Ee As MecKeon (Rt hj. iL. W.
Mubkie (Pt. 10), H.R. McGladdery
(Pt. Ih), E. M. MeLellyn (Pt. 1); 3
E. Rosier (Pt honoray, E. W. R
(Fasc), N. 4 tterington (Pt
M. L.-Yalentine (Pt. 1.), Vo M
(PLT

this

and- John” Bridge;
ng Co., of Wind?
oil Inspectors of
and confactionerlon by the

+ Food Boari for districts in

rm Ontario, All bakeries in thie

¥ ict will be expected to report once

a woe to r Neal, who~may at
nay Unie : an Inspection of ] —Representatives, principally from
books, inv. to* 1 the municipalities of Tilbury, Dresden,
certain the Wal burg, Sombra, Sarnia and Pe-
talning tot trolea, met in Petrolea last week to
yiiwat flour combider tie recent order of the MRail-

y —Two D way Bourd which cut off natural gas
companies “7 been""b fromeschools, churches! stares, hotels,
by the Canadian Food Board off hospitalsind banks. After a
leged illegal exportation of fish from] fu'l dfscuysion of the subject, the fol-
the Dominiony Every person who|lowing resolution was passed: “That
handles more than 1,000 pounds of} this mésting Strougly urge upon the
f\sh a month js required by the Canada| Préemfer, the Minister of Mines. and
Food Board to take out a license.| the Ontario Railway and Municipal
The three companies which have been | Board the need of _bromipt action -in
barred from exporting fish from Wind-| regard to the supplying of gas as fuel
sor, evaded this regulation, it {s uid,|to schools, churches, offices, hospitals,
by posing as bona-tidefishermen, who) stores and @ating houses, and licensed
are not required to be licensed, Com-| places. We respectfully ask that you
plaints by border city residents that} name an early date when you WI re-

a large percentage of Government fish | ceive a deputation of the Municipal-
was being shipped to Detro{t led to an | ities of Western Ontario affected by
investigation,.which regulted In the; the decision of the board, when the
itiegal traffic being uncovered. question of rates and the rights of
—The Strathroy Age contains the | municipalities may be fully discussed.”
following reference to the death of} Confronted by urgent requests
‘Mys. Jamon Hea'ey, mother of Alfred | from the United States Shipping Board
F. Healey, Sandwich, the well-known | by an imminent legal order from tho
Windsor barrister; "Mrs, Jas, Healey | Michigan Board of Health, and by the
died.on Tuesday at Bear Lake, Michi-| difficulties of war time financing, the
gan. Mrs. Healey was enjoying splen-|olty officials of Wyandotte are in a
did ‘vealth when she left Strathroy! quandry regarding the construction of

. bout two weeks ago to visit herja filtration plant that will make: the
daughter, Mra, L. D, Conley, at that} water supply of the district safe for
Place, and her death must have oc-| family ose. Wyandotte kets its water
curred suddenly. Mra. Healey was! supply from the - Detroit ‘river at a,
thie widow of the late James Healey,
for may years. a resident of Strath-
-foy, and formerly of Adelaide town-
Tehip, where she resided with her tam-
~ diy‘on the farm. “She was in her 72rd
; ear. She was widely known and

veal

Wells

stdeka
and regulations per-
use of substitutes
being compile
and ong W

‘ point where the water has already be-

come contaminated byWewerage from
Detroit and {ts suburbs. _The- state
health officials have often advised
that the supply Is not being wholly
purified by the chlorine treatment, but
ighly esteemed in this section, where progross® towards remedying the con-
spent practically the whole of her, dition has always heretofore “fallen
rge circle of friends will re- short of accompliahment. Wyandotte,

learn of her demise. ~She Mayor Lambort Seclrees would gindly

oH a large ~ family of grown-up agreo to building ‘such a plant, pro-

vi Mra. L. D. Conley, of vide, the state board submit a pian to

Mih.) ; hance the project. He po' c

v

twolr
“pipe dream” about tifa. You

Toe real goblin that will ge: you if
out is the great big
This goblin fas
got the bulk of the business in many re t

-| Rthys feporied that- 1.32
-l were on mi ry service,
aase@curtt

member.

SY Iny
122 had Deen
manting to $142,271.
4d for 1917
sare for mor

2.677

revenu (as $65
927. the’ expe
poses being ;

ad in the membership

3

represent-
of $1.442,500. Oze hun-
-| dred and forty-four claims have been

. disposed
i@ total

cuary pur-
A decrease of

rate for 1917 was 2%

an for 1916. The

and in order (3

a fal asseagment an ad

vance of two yeara was made in the

age rate of the present membership.
FIELD CROP COMPETITION.

hton, of Mooretown,
few of the district
of oGts were e

for com fon under the ausple

the A. A. & BM. Agricultural Society,

Thursday of last week. He was en-

sr the condition of the

d clean fields he tad

to judge, and the high score which he

was able to give the crops. In. fleld

er field he was unable to detect a

His award was as follows, the

five being winners {mn the order

1, James / Martin, 96%; 2,

d Seliars, 9544; 3, Thomas Des-

, 9144; 4. E A Deneay, 90%;

; 6, Forest Pig-

n Gee, 8814; 8,

3, S744; 9, Marshali Ena-

. Alex. Simagac, $224; 11,

Thomas ‘Cre
, d bls re
lelds

by,

MIDDLE SCHOOL EXAMINATIONS.
———

The cand{idates’named below from

€x county have passed the Middle
Schoo} examin n for entranée into
the Normal schoola: C. Askew, M. G.
Balley (honérs), E. Ballard, M. L.
Bondy. R. Derbyshire (honors). P.
Denomys F. B. Geddes, R. W. Hende
shot, N, E. Hyatt-(honors), E. M. Ham-
ilton, S, C. Hamiiton, L. W. Knister,
M. L. Lesperanc M. P. Malort, D.
Miner, P. ‘Co Moi ). Jo Maisey (hon-
are), K. Murpt E. Naville, G.
Nicholls, A.W. 4 i0ut, E, Robbins
(honors), Sf (Honors), W 4A.
Spindttr, B. . M. Y. Téeter,
G. A. Wigle, eld, C. Le Wheeler,
EL, Wright. ~~

—_—-_—

WHAT JS “A-DOLLAR-TEN”?

Pr. J. Zz
yy past”
enuently f{
employer.
laboring

tery
far-
re
By.
day.
points out that military pay is
considerably more t émployers
realize, Let us suppose The
murrled privat he Can-

is $401.50. a year. His
& separation allowance of

is for 1
r peta dls

fami;
board,
forth at
LWwo ft 1
blankets
19. Cer
that much ifhe wv
a3 @ civilian as
army. Thus hig
to $15100 a
hospital

neome {s e@quivalent
year—not counting free
accommodation in of
iiness, aith free ment,
There ure 7 in the
year. A elving
not better tha would
receive alma y from the
farmer or other employer who accept
ed his ‘bervicea ~

a =

GOVERNMENT INCREASES

FREIGHT RATES BY
TWENTY PER CENT-
Action taken to Meet’ Operating Ex-

penses Under McAdoo Award.

case

Acting on a report prepared by the
Board of Railway Commissioners, an
order-in-council has been passed dn-
creasing freight rates to an amount
sufficient to. meet the, increased oper-
ating cost imposed on the railways by
the new wage schedule, The increase
will average about 20 per cent:

The freight rate intreases are the
diract, outcome of the acceptance Jn
Canida of the McAdoo, award: whtch
uppliexs to both«Gavernment railways
and’ railways owned by private com-
panies: 4

The export and import, rates system

in Canadia territory where,rates were 7

not increased continue to stand, and
can only be increaged subject to a
maximum .of the lowest rate or rates
im American territory to or-from these
polnts. %ely like manner_theow value
ore in the Kootenay district, which
could not well stand the Américan {n-
crease,-is held down to the stone and

I.) Wrabber basis.

Gen. Gouramd has ‘asked that the
Cross of the Legion of Hondy be
awarded 1o 60 volunteérs who ‘held
advanced posts on line east of
Rheims,

OUR BOYS IN EUROPE ~
AND HOME PROTECTION

The men on the firing line represent
the pick of our country's youth. Many
were rejected becnuw of physical de-
ficiency. Many times the kidneys wero
to binme.

Tf,we wish to. preveat old ago. coming
on too soon, or if wo want to increase
our chances for a long life, Dr. Pierce
of tho Surgical Institute; Buffalo, N. Was
Says that you should drink plenty of
water daily between meale. Then pro-
cure at no drug’ store, Anurig (double
strength). This ‘‘ An-usrie”’ drives the
uric acid out and cures backache and
rbeumatinm. :

If-we wish to keop our kidneys in tho
best condition a diet of milk and vege-
tables, with anly little meat once a day,
is the most suitable. Drink plenty of
pure water, take Anuric threo times a
day for a month.

Send Dr. Pierco 10c for trial pkg. An-
uric—many times more potent than, lithia,
eliminates uric acid as hot water melts
ong: A short tria! will convinee you,

réston, Ont.—‘‘I om -plensed. to ex:
ress My experience with Anurie. 1 have
nm troubled with rheumatism in’ right
limb and hand for soveral years, and
lately in eft shoulder. The ‘only
I could lio was on my back.

had great difficulty e. sit down |
and more to “get. up. tely I bad
a severo pain in my back. I havo
taken Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
‘covery several times: with the most sntis-
fac! results, so I concluded to give his |
Anupie Tablets n trial, The pain in limb
and’ ;
right

tie

and in

at the United States securitios com- | i

barrister, ‘mission has just prohibited the city
ting, of from issuing more than $80,000 of thd’

sie, Ha teates a a

to

 

Audérion Council.

Saturday, July 27th.

Council met in regular session with
all members present.

Moved by Mr. Beneteau,
by Mr. Papst. tha
read be adopted —(a

Moved by Mr. seconde] by
Mr. Beneteau./that J. J. Newman get
a warrant for $11, for making an ex-
amination of the Powers drain and
giving certificate of completion; J. W
Gibb, $24.70, for sewer pipes} The
Municipal World, $7.93, for municipal
supplies; Fred. H. A. Davis, $15, fees
in conneécilonewith the Fragerville side-
walk debentures; Armand Reaume,
$15, cutting weeds North Side Line;

yprien Rouseau, $12.50, cutting weeds
on North Townline, and $14,’ cutting
weeds on front road; Adoiph Monfor-
ton, $16, cutting weeds on*4th con.»
Alpha Knapp, 31% grading an 2nd
ebn.; Leo Pare, $2, repairing road at
corner north townline-and Sth con;

oseph Renaud, $18, Arsene . Renaud

mond Cousineau $18, Maxime

1 $18; Ovai Bondy, $18, and

aud, $6, all for grading on

Gilbert. Jeandoin $9, and

‘harette $3, for holding scraper;

eloche, $15.50, cutting weeds

con, and on north and east

Dolphise Beneteau, $2, fur-

lumber “and pairing bridge

on north side line, and $30 for-clean-

s portion of work

ime Helfreich,

zneux. $10, cut-

dé tine; Norman

aud $10, cutting weeds on 2nd con. ;

e Renaud, $9, commissioner's fees

on work of grading fth con-; Alfred

D. Tremblay, $8, ¢ & weeds on Mid-

die, Side Line, $5 cutting weeds on

Sth con., $5 cutting“¥ is on 7th con.,

$5 cutting weed# dn Sth con., and $5

cutting -weeds*on south townline;

Michael Lucier, $25.40, for pjlea fur-

nished; Albert? Huneau, $25, balance

for putting in crock in ithe Powers

drain on 5th con., and Alex. Beaudoin,

$90, for aix months’ interest on note-—
Carried.

A delegation comprised of Mayor
Tuson,Aldermen Winter and England
and City Engineer Brian, of Windsor, “
addressed the council on the matter
of haying the Hydro-EFlectric Commis-
sion of Ontario take over the S, W. &
A,-electric railway as part of the
Hydro system in this part of the coun-
ty and also to have the memorial in
connection therewith signed by’ the
reeve and clerk and to haye same {or-
warded to the proper authorities.

Moved by Mr, Papst, seconded by
Mr. Charette, that the reeve and clerk
be instructed to aign said memorial
and forward same to the Hydro-Plec-

Eelecfontecforfoclonfortectontonfocfeofoofonfedfocteofonfeetactoofeofeeferfeofesteefeotor

nishing

Ing

Re

Phone 41

WASH SKIRTS
$3.95

Ideal for Summer Wear

Tailored from. white cotton Gabardine and
Linons, featuring gathered and flare mod-
els. Clever, fancy cut peckets, pearl
’ button . trimmed. Brod “belts, finished
with embroidery. A very special offering.

WE ACCEPT CAN‘. DIAN MONEY AT PAR

onDERS BOIEGELG

SOLICITED cma ina OATH aay as

(COMMEECTION WITH ANY OTYES STORE
DETROIT

_§. FRENCH, D.D.
Hoyer Cretuate in
: Tor sito University -¢
ABPEROTVACTY..* ne” used forth,
extraction of Geils. £
Office bours:—9 a m, to 12; ADO to $39
7 tof pm,

' P p.m:
3 Corner af Richmand ond '

ine

» Post Once, Alpheorsthusg.
—— Saunier

IO. TEDTER SB

NHYSMIAN AND 5 SRGEO)
vonio Univermity, Lie, Conrredtate 9 j
C18 Oe aud DurgeOIN, Oitetio, OMi4e—Go Par

ud Apsley streets, oppoat: robe
tanereliiih 3 oppoatte Town Fix,

R. H. ABBOTT, MD,
{SH VSICIAN AND SURGEON
D Qcesu's University, K p
| (PSsn te mad Surge
at tesiteoor, Coruer i
{ sietiuGele street
Abe mtOCrs,

DR. A. E. STEWART,

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON, Gran
des. il Mate Omen. ie
Int. elo + Colchestes
North Telephone one
Telophoue. Ft le 2 Pen oath
yp oWwmnavs
DR. W. C. DOYLE, M.D,

f W.C. DOYLE, M. D,
Hour graduate of W.
Loudon ; sember of the Col}
and Sargeons of Ontario,
of residence on Talbot #1
Electric Ry waltin, room, Essex,
connection, Sprotal attention
discuses of women and Surgery,

RANKLIN A. HOUGH, Ba
Bssesres Solict vhs Bea,

Pubii

Gute of

ARRISTER, Soltoitor. lary
B veyancer &c. onion: Tatnaue!'G Con.
| Amherstburg. Money (o loan, > xret

 

 

ALL BREADS
ARE NOT
THE SAME

Any fair test shows the Best of Bread to be

GURTIS BREAD

Try it and know for yourself the ‘‘delicious” flavor
that’s baked into this wholesome Bread.

ALL KINDS BAKED GOODS ON HAND.

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont

Léads-Them All.

Our GRAIN BINDERS. are the most efficient made.

No other CORN ‘BINDER can compare favorably with

the DEERING.

FARMERS—Buy a MANURE SPREADER, and increase
your crops inia way that cannot otherwise be accom-
plished. Our spreader is wide spread and light of draf,.

a7 See me before purchasing any implement.

’ HARRY CADARET

 

tric Commission of Ontario.—Carried.

Dotigal McDonald, through his solict-
tor, F, A. Hough, notified the council
that the ‘bed of, the River Canard {s
badly choked up with, willows, and {f
allowed 10 reniain in this condition
will In time cause damages to the

amy along the river by impeding
te natural flow of the water.—No ac-
tfon taken in the -niatter.

Fred. H. A. Davis addressed the
council in the: mMter of having «@
hydrant put in oh the front rond be-
tween Morrow's ~ Lane ana William
street for the purpose: of fire protec-
Hon. He.suggested that said hydrant
could “be put in when the B. M ¢@
were laying the water main along
Street, and the cost of the work Lf done
Oren would be very: small. He also
§poke of the matter of having a sewer
constructed on the-front road from
Morrow’s Lane to William street.

16 reeve and Mr. Papst wore ap-

ed a committee to investigate in-
to the cost of a hydrant and having
same put in y

Moved by. Mr. Charette, secondod by
Mr, Renaud, that By-nw, No. 605, to
joan tiie trustees of School Section No’
1 $5,000, be read a firat time.—Curried.

Council went into ¢ommittee of the
whole for the second) yending» Mr/
Charette in the chéfr. Council read a
xecond time. Council resumed for
third reading. .

Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by
Mr. Charette, that by-law be read a
third time.—Carried, and by-law read
a third time.and passed.

Mr. Beneteau gives naticé that he
will, at the next meeting, introduce a
by-law for the levy and collection of
ratts and taxes. ‘

The clerk presented the engineer's:
report of the Shuell Line drain.

Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by
Mr. Charette, that the parties assessed
in said report be notified to be pres-
ent at a meeting of the council to be
held on Saturday, August 10th, at 7
a’clock in the eyening, when the sald
feport will be ‘read and cons{dered,—
Carried. - :

Moved by Mr. Benetedu, seconded
by Mr, Renaud, that We adjourn tli
LA a August dist, ‘at 1 p.m.—Car-

— Pee
gee an iY. Bruce Persnada. s
aon of Mr. and Mrs. Charles 1s0n, |
foblin's Bilis, P

was O12

coast of Su
oe wicupled with o

@ and Bolgi im, on

EEEEEP EET ELST Hot hEEPEMOTHER'S BREADS $4-44444¢4444464440040 s

MOTHERS BREAD

made from

Government War Standard Flour

Equally as Nutritious and appetizing as the best
loaf of bread ever made from high patent flour.
One trial will-convince yu. . *

GROCER !

 

Phone 59 ' ‘WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave

For sale In Amherstburg at J. H,
Son's, G, F. Girardin’s, A. J.

Sold in Harrow by W.
and G. Langis & Son.

Sold for Cash Only.

P.8.—Do not waste"bread, every ounce is needed.

Lovegrove's, G.

T. Flore
Burne’ Jolin Grant's and T. irs

J. Harris’.
R. Boyce & Co. In McGregor by Beuglet Bro

bettas To

EN CLEVELAND & BUFFAL

Apsley. Street, Amherstburg

MOTHER'S BREAD44+44644444444444444

NEAL BAKING CO. ltd.

EEE ETE ETT AVA S.USHLOW EEPEES EEE TEE eee

BARTLET & BARTLET, ~

ARRISTERS, Solicitom, &c,
B Davis Block, Windsor, Fong adnate
ALEX. R. BARTLET, i. :

WALTKK G. BARTLEY er tay
woe The, HA, LL.

Unqouanr, k.a., LLB,
ar a
RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRISTERS, SOLICTTORS, ETO,

B Rodd, BA. LLB County pase ee
torney and Cleri¢of the Peace for the Coons;
of Ssseex ES, Wyle, HL A. K.c.; Td
SMeHoyh. Omces Victuria Block, Windsor.

DAVIS & HEALY.

ARRISTERS, SULISTEIts, XOTANI ka,

Eto, Money to | 5 cy
Gnadears oney Aan. Medley slowk,

2F. D. Davia B, A. “A. F. ‘Healy,

JAMES B.. MeLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etc, 92 Davis
Bullding, Windsor, Ont, gard oney to
jon on farm Property at iowest cuFrent Tiles

-_—

FRANK W. WILSON. wi

ARRISTER;SOLICITOR, Notary Pubjle
And Conveyancer, (of the Ontario aud %

KritisiColombia Kars.) Money to loan on

Farm Property nt lowest rates of Interest,

elle Bullding, Corner. suellette

Stx., Windsor, Ont. Phone 2351,

4. SMITH, LL. B.

H, Si SO Ree NOTARY, ETO
Ont.

LAIRD & LAIRD.

PRO ciate Lavi Surveyors and County

Engineers, Office, Dunstan Bloox,
Stairs) Town of Essex, Unit... wy

J. J. NEWMAN; 4
Cox LE NEER AND ONTARIO LAS
URVEYOR, Drainage work
Fleming Block; Winduor-Oot. tilapia

CLARK & ATKIN,

IGE ED Auctioneers for Exsex County
OmMee at Harrow, Ontario,
CHARLES CLAKK,

 

GxeonaE ATKIN,

 

High Class Monuments a Specialty,

LEAMINGTON .
.|Granite and Marble Works ~

C; A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
« Write for Prices

Phone 7 LEA

‘GTON, ONT

Funeral Directors

House of quality.
Auto equipment when dealred.

463 Onellette Ave. WINDSO. f
Phone 85. eet

=

CHAS. LEGGETT

, GRADUATE optician. ~

Nineteen yoara experience. Hundreda of anti
Ged patienta who are Itving testimonia’
Exclusive Optical Parlors, Main ss., Kingsvil

Issuer of Marriage Licenses. —
GieP. R. Ticket Agant.

Veterinary Surgeon.

Ofice and residence : Dathoual
near Wiglo'< Mill, Atmherstburg. “Bed ‘Tele
phono No, M2 Calls anxwered duyoF night ,

ie

‘TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
NM HALLAM: Limited
HALLAM BLOG, TORONTO, ©

8. W.& A. RAILWAY
"SUMMER TIME TABLE.”

Cars run. on’ Canadian. Time...
In effect May 23nd. 1918.”

SVladaor ‘Tecum- ‘Windsor. Amherst:
‘0

nest Odiitellows' Hal! and one bie E

| J. SUTTON *& sons | %

 

| alia a a a a a ee oD x | y |

‘
  
 
  
  

    

rey ge

  
  
  

   

BURG. ECHO.

   
 

 

me 2 | GOSFIELD, NORTH TOWN OF. ESSEX. MAKING OF ICE CREAM
na Cottam. s : :

iss: Edney Dr. W: J. els who has been
Wiss Da James, of Belgrave, has [associated “with Dr, Doyle for the past
ben engaged as teacher of the Belle few years, has received a captain's Food Control Board Permits But

Ryer Road school, duties to begin} commission in the ©. A. M. ©, and 10 Per Cent. Fat.

 

  
  
 
 

    
 
 
 
   
 
  

 

 
 
 
 
    
   
   
     
 
  

— afte: holidays—Miss:Ida Johnston | has reported at’ London for duty,

has ‘een engaged as-teacher of the Pte. Irwin Sadier, who was invalided ~

Cottam school, duties to commence af-| home some months ago on account ot | 4 Reelpo'That Hus Hroven successful
9 | ter the holidays, at a salary of $800.— | wounds, and has gince been receiving —Stake Vines and Trim Leaves
fr Mra, P. H Clark, of Swift Current, | treatment a Londbn, has been given t© Grow High-Colored Tomatoes.
Wr) Susk., 1a spendng & couple of months | his discharge from the army, and been
— I

 
 
 
 

with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac | awarded a pension of five dollars per seminal ad hy. On tairto Nepurtment of
Jackson, and othr relatives here | month by the Pension Board. * ure, Toronto.)

W. H. Neviie ricelved a letter on At the meeting of the United Far- GREAT many ingutries have
Saturday from hf son Andrew, who] mers on Wednesday evening of Inst

 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

 
   

  
  

The Kind You Have Always Boucht,

    

 

 

 

 
     
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

     
       
    
    
 

3 z é recently come to the Dairy
mad whi has been in traning at the Great! week, the following ‘djrectors -were ;
‘dm use for avez oxc= 20 Yorss, hes be- lee a a Lakes Naval Traping Station near|elected: John Lickman, Fred, Tay- Department of tho Ontario
acd has been mad a ae Z Te 0 Chicago for the zast two. months, to} lor, Roy D, Potter, O. J. Grau, T, H. AgricujturalCollegeregarding
—_ ee J2a0e under his per. the effect that he waa leaving there} Adams, Bethel Croft and Albert Bon. the new regulation from the Canada
4 ; Lich Sonel supervicioa since jts infancy. to continue his tralnig on board ship|dy. “The directors inet on Friday Food Board with ‘reference to ‘the
of fo Allow no one to deceive you in this. on the American coast. evening to elect officers. . oe
ar, All Counterfeits, Imitations and “ Just-a2-goo a” are bos’ ar re Se manufacture of ice-cream, and ‘also,
: t > )
rr Experiments that triflo with end endauger the health of WHEATL Y. MEKNSEA. = pt ele of testing ice-cream
= Infants and Children— cxienco A ent. Clayburn, the young son of Mr. and} Mrs. Sflas Chambers, aged 77 years, Order No. 34, section 8, issued by
Vy h t H Y Mra, G. M. Loyst, was taken to the| died atthe home of her son Wilson, at| the Canada Food Board reads: “On
e@ Is A hospital and waderwent a surgical gol on Monday ot Inst week, apse ate We no person
Cestoria is a harmless ¢:: operation on Friday. At last reports|She had been in poor health for some| in Canada shal) uso n tho manufac-
Drops par Sibthing Sram ee i= ponte Oil, Paregoric, jie was Making #atisfactory progress. | time and was critically ill for several | ture of ice-cream moro than 10 per
eitlies Offem oat y= UpE. ; Pleasant. It contains Clayton Simpson and Miss.Ethel|weeks. Her ‘husband predeceased | centum'of fats, whether of animal or
nesther Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Its Derbyshire were quietly married in| her about seven years ago and she ig| of vegetable origin; or more than
age is its guarantee. Por more than thirty years it has the Methodist church on Wednesday of| survived by seven sons and threo | six bounds of cane sugar, to eight
been in constant use for the relief cf Coastipation Flatulency, last week, The happy young coupe] daughters. The ‘sons are Wilson, of | gallons of ice-cream,”
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea + allaying’ Feveri 2 , j le-t tie same evening fora week's trip] Hillman; Albert, Robert, Samuel and As a result of recent investigations
$ 2 & Feverishness arising to Niagara; Mr. and Mrs. Simpson] William, of Mersen township; Fred,,| miade in the Dairy Department of the ‘
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids are among thi most popular young}and Charies, of Lesmington. The|O. A. College, by Messrs, McMillan, Your furnace should not
the assimilation of Foods giving heelthy and natural sleep. people in the village and their many | daughters are Mrs, Charles DeLaurier| Parfitt, and Miss Miller, of the Dairy onl ara 1 f
: The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend. friends join fm congratulations andJand Mrs. Wm. Grabb, of Point Pelee, | Staff, wo cnn recommend the follow. y five you plenty o

 
 

best wishes, and Mrs, Leonard Lea, of Olinda, The
ao in eae a] service was conducted’ at de

7 4 GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS GOSFIELD SOUTH: aac late. home on Wednesday

 
 

ing formula or recipe, for a Yatch or
mix which will’ produce about eight
gallous. of plain ice-tream of good

 

eheat, but the right quality
of heat. is aera

 
 

 

 
     
        

 

    
   
   
   
   
       

 

 

  

          
 
   

       

oe afternoon, interment following inj Quality and which will come within b Some houses would be
A pretty wedding was solemnized on | Lakeview cemetery. the regvintions as laid down by tha etter without any heat--
- Saturday, July 20th, at the home of Mr. oe Food Board: > than the kind their fur-
2 and*Mrs, Chivas, 74 Chesley avenue, 44% Ibs. (4% gallons) cream test- naces give them.
London, when their second daughter, MAK 0 S TRO ing 13% fat. 5
Lizzie, became the bride of Sidney Ab- E Y UR ELF 5 NG Ais Aves skim milk powder, moe you Se eas a
_ bott, of this township,. the officiating pone ome Ibs, cane sugar—1 44 lbs. sugar nace you w Ow
Ct minister being Rev, J. Laverie, of the| People aie WORE [He Wine den may be replaced with 2 Ibs. what the right kind of heat
') ~ Hamilton Road Presbyterian church,|{7>° most of the m es Dorp corn syrup. is and how to get it.
: London. The young couple left on |! S Reet le ax 4 ne ae Genel 4 otinees vanilla extract. = Ps,
y thelr honeymoon trip to points west,|C2VY tie friend who does not know} g D ns

  

 

°@ ? 2
; : what a headache {s, whose digestion {s Se eee assolved in 6 =
: The groom js # returned soldier and ees “hh Mle he * : . Ibs, (44 gallon) skim milk. . .
j In Use For Over 30 Years other returned soldiers: present wore} Perect, and who sleeps soundly at!’ Tre cost of the ingredients In this Full information about the Sunshine Furnace
t)

     
           
     
         
 
   

 

 
 

= = - ght? How far do you come from or 5 r a
Sergts. Wm. Taylor, Davis and Smith, nig : . ce ade | Lorsula will“range from 63 to 67
i et Corps. Wm. Chivas, Griffin and Beil, | #48 descriptidn? Have you ever made | censa buying in small quantities, If will be sent free to any address upon request to our
ae The Kind You Have Always Bought Pies, Alex Lawrence, Blrick; Burgess |" Carnest effort to atrengthen’ your bought whajesale, the cost would be :
r THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEWYORK CITY, ~ and Britton. constitution, 0 build up your systém less. nearest Branch Office.
a. SE ae a | Ruthven. Caer Ot discomfort and disease? | “¢ whole milk and cream are uned,
= 7 Some fine black bass haye been} Unless you have an organic diséase tt mixing equal quantities ofAhese will - 2
: caugit in: the lake’ here recently.—|18 sénerally possible to so improve produce an Ice-créam testing not over Mc Ss
] Colin Neville, who has been so ‘sef-|YOUr Physical condition that ponect ten per cent. fat, assuming that the ® ary.
: : jously ill for the past year, is not health, will be yours. |The aia Hune milk and sream are of average fat +
: regaining. his health and his many |t? be done fs to build up yoursblood content—2'5 and 18 to 20% fat
By friends in. this digtrictanxifously await | 25 Poor blood. is the™source of phy- respectively.
a nge for the  better.—Lafayotte sical weakness. To build up the blood Three Methods of Testing Ice-Cream

Esseltine, who had a light paralytic |D© Williams’ Pink Pills is just the :
stroke three weeks ego, lias not com-| ™édicine you need, Every dose halps It is necessary for the ice-cream
pletely recovered and finds it quite to make new blood which reaches ev: niaker to test His fce-cream octasion-
difficult to speak certain words.. His |¢'Y Nerve and every part “of the»body, ally, and. the following methods
many friends hope to see him all right |tnging color to the cheeks, bright-. will Bive satisfactory. results if care-
in a few days.—A blight has struck | 2¢88 to theveyes, a steadiness to the {fully carried out:
many potato vines in this district and hinds, a good appétite and splendid 1.—The Glacial Acetic and Hydro-
large plots of them have turned a yel-| &™¢rsy: Thousands throughout the chloric Acid Test,
Jow colors On close examination it/¢oumtry whose condition~ made them} 4 representative sample of the lor-
has been found that small green bugs | 4¢8Pur, awe their present good health cream is taken and melted and thor-
are on the under side of the leaves.| ‘9. this medicine. If yqu areone of oughtly mixed; a 9-pramme sample
Spraying with arsenate of lead finish-| ‘He weak andy ailing give Dr. Wil-‘y weighed) into.an 18-grammo Bab-
i, e8.thebe pest in a short (ime—The far-| !ams\Pink Pills a fair trial and note cock cream (est bottle. A mixture |!
mers of this districtyare now haying|{te dally gain in new health and jg prepnred using equal parts 6f.
their.{nnings and things are certainly | abounding vitality, : "ginclal acetic acid and concentrated
coming thelr way, The whéat.harvest| YOU can get thesd pills through any hydrochloric acid.» Twenty cuble cen-
is in full blast and the dat crop will} Medicine dealer or by mafi post paid timeters‘of this acid mixture is added

f 50_ cents a box, or-six boxes for he 9-gram le of ic
be'rendy for the reaper inva few days,|%t 5 £ to the 9-gramme sample of ice-cream
or two nie rte than Jast ore 2.50 from The Dr, WjllMams’ Medicine \{n the test bottle, and is then all

for Fat.

 

nshine

Furnace \

London Toronto Montreal Winnipeg Saskatoon
St. John, N.B. % Calgary Hamilton Ednionton - Vancouver. a

  
  
  
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

   

        
       

  

    
           
  

 

 

Royal Purple. Stock “Speti fic ‘i
Roup Cure, Chick Feed,
Stock. Specific,

  
  

     

WHILE“ THEY LAST

  
     

 

 

  
  

s Ly pier ‘ E | Growers of early tomatdes fre ghip-] ©. Prockville, Ont.” * ote well shaken, The bottle is placed :
| Tires and Tubes 4 a 2h {na water bath of 120 to-130 deg. F., x ee
Automob le ae Peas crepe alee pin . WENDSOR, ant fitaken at intervals until’a brown Calt Meal & Wo rm Powders oo
SIZE 34 X 4 $10.00 a tobacco crop is’ coming along nicely j ! color appears. It {8 then placed in .

 
 

 

and bome of the. kiln-cured variety will Pire, that had its origin from a the Babcodk centrifuge and the test
be ready to cut in less than 30. days. | Match dropped ‘on some straw, de- completed insthe same way as for
The White Burley variety never looked stroyed ‘the home of Arthur Roy, of testing cream anu the reading multi-
better. Roots promise a bountiful crop. Sandwich South, early Saturday morn- . plied by two,

 
 

These tires are in good condition
and will give “you: a lot .of wear

 
 

pee Liniment.

   

 

 

   

a —— ing. The damage {s placed at $3,000, 2.—The Sulphuric Acid Test. oe 5
* fe 2 i Two ‘window awnings on the Bank! To mako the test with sulphuric ZW: Py WwW So .
. Come in and SEE them T0 DAY. : LEAMINGTON. of Commerce -piilding, “Ouellette ave- acid, a 9-gramme sample {8 welghéed ‘i e T ILKIN N.
: ‘ 4 % “ o

 

   

nue and Sandwich stroet, Windsor, J into an 18-gramme test bottle. “About
i were burned Saturday afternoon as a 9 cubic centimeters of luke-warm
rived last. week on a visit to his,father, result of a cigar stub being dropped }.water 15 then added to d{lute the
Robert Wilkinson, and sister, Mrs. Ed.|{r6m the fourth story window. sample,"in order to have about 18
Smith. Driving, hi#“automob!le at more than! cubje centimeters of mixture in the
M. -~Clunas, Jate Principal of: the |30 miles an hour when he visited | bottle. The sulphuric acid is then
Ridgeiown, Public school, has been Windsor, Friday. night’ William f. | audded-slowly, a little at a time, at
engaged as Principal for the Public Campbell, farmer, Rodney, ‘Ont., was \ ininute intervals, shaking well after
school here, his duties to begin with | fined “$50 Saturday morning in the! each addition until a chocolate brown
the fall term. borde@r city police éourt for “violating ;, color appears in the bottle, No, defi-
Dr. Hughes, after spending several | (he speed limit of 15 miles an hour. [nite nmount of acid can be stated, na
weeks here and jn Other parts of On- Six Austrians, who were arrested j the quantity will vary with different
tario, left lasU week on his return to early Sanday morning by_Sergeant,! {ce-creams; As so8n’as the chocolate
California. He mado tho wip-east by} Frank Cade and a squad of Windsor | brown color appears inthe ice-cream
motor car and isvreturning thie same police during a raid on a Marion ave-|a little cold water may be added to
way. The doétor had some notion of | nue residence, were each fined $14, check the action of.tho‘acld. The
remaining in Leamington, byt found Mondny for violating the Lord's Day | bottle is then placed in the centrifuge
the climate did ‘not agree with hini,} act by playing cards for stakes. and the test completed in the ugual’
necessitating his return ‘to the cost."| » Coming to Windsor Saturday from]| way, The reading {a multiplied by
A small blaze in the roof of John Flanders,. Ont, without permission | two, ‘
Cassel’g. residence on Askew street 'from the police, Anton Batt, an Aus: | 3.—Acetic and Sulphuric Acids.
gave the firemen a run Friday after-| trian, was fined $33.Monday in Wind- Weigh a 9-gramme sample of ite-
noon. Although a record Fun» was sor police.court for vidlating, the order- | cream, that has been thoroughly mix-
made, the motor truck .béing. onjthe | inécouncll Dissed by the: Canadian|ed. About 9 cubic centimeters of;
way before the alarm ended,the fire Government to regulate the movement | Water is then fdded to dilute the
was extinguished before the firemen of alien enemies, # sample. Add 6 cubic cehtimeters of
arrived. As there had been no. fire] The: death occurred on Saturday | acetic acid and then add carefully 6,
in the gas stove for some time, {t {3 morning of Mrs. Anne Fauquier, wife|to 8 cubic centimeters sulphuric
supposed that a spark from @ passing | of Philp H. Fauquier, formerly of | acid. Centrifuge, and then add water
M. C. R. engine started the fire, Windsor. Yor several, years Mr; Fau-} (he same as in other testa, If using
Murray, the’ 14-year-old 804 of Erie guier was engaged in the office of the | an 18-gramme bottle multiply thw
Haven, fell a distance of 25 feet, on| tite John Curry. Deceased'was iljq}reading by.two, to obtain the per
Saturday, sustaining inivties to his mother of Arthur H. 'Fauqtifer, of| cent fat in the “fee-cream. A
back and neck, and @ fracture to his Windsor, and A. R. Fauguier; who js | 9-sramme bottle which is radunted
left arm. The boy, wag working overseas. _ The funeral was held on| ‘0 give the percentage of tatydirect-
Alex. Baird’s farm at Uie marsh, and Sunday from thé fate residence, 1601 | ly needs no correction when-reading:
at thenoon hour, with @ couple of Mr. '

— of Canada. @ Either mark
Secoid avenue, Detroit, to Windsor | —Prot. H. H. Dean, Ontario Agricul-
EPING YOUNG Batrd’s sons stariéd to put up al Grove’ cemetery. tural College, Guelph. ————————————S——$—————— ns
@ KE i 9 swing., Young Havens climbed the Benjamin Frank Jacobs, colored, liv-

e “ . - e
is the sure sign that all is
tree and while gaing out on a:Hmb, the | ing aty398 Goysau street. wan arrested ) To Grow Tomatoes Most Successfully.
vine he had hold of- gave way. Hfs}/on Saturday by Patro}man Fitzgerald If you are growing tomatoes to a | d lu
as i person who had no useful occu-| gingle. stem, bo sure to, remove al) f ' we ead.

condition may be more serious thah
now-.appears, a8 fie may have sustain: patdin . Jacobs was engigéd in culti-| side shoots before they become of : ‘ -
vatIng o war garden when arrested. any size, All the extra food which
- Your Garageman Stocks __-
a 1 re
Dunlop Tires. Ae

   

HARWESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE.

D. M. Wilkinson, of Winnipeg, ar- AMHERSTSURS

  

Phono’ 97

   

THE UP-TO-DATE TIRE REPAIR SHOP

ROBERT B. McMORROW, Manager

WE HAVE IN STOGK

t ij 4 .
SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, » MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,

aoa RUBBEROID eae Be

Place your order with us and saye money

JOHN FRASER »

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

 
 
 
   
   
   
 
  

  

 

 

 

TIIIIAIT,

a

3972003030

     

. Sheet Eractions or “Special”

mark is on every pavement
Mark Is_on_ every pavement

     

%

and road in every portion

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

REEEEEEEEEEEEEA EEE EEE EE EE SEES EES
FERAL EPER EERE EEE EEE TE EEE EEE EE

  
   

:
:
:
|

  

 

 

 

GENERAL NEWS.

 

 
     
  

 
  
   
 
 
  

  
  
 
 
  
   

 

 

  
 
 

 

        
  
   
   
   
   

coe cet dining ear ner: | Datmeal Is Sald;to Ward Off Age—

restaurants, clubs and dining car ser-
vices throughout the United States are. Often 20 Years

released from the. voluntary pledge to joted sclentists, by experiments on
_ use nd Whregt during the Brescia Bit deat proved that youtbtalnees de
Vest, e. "| pends on the thyroid glan Z
The British Government. has award- foing | in oats coma to feed that gland,

ed a contractto the Américan Chicle It appears that ‘old can be deferred

 

   
   
   
   
  
   
 
 
 

   
   
    
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
    
    
  
      
    
    

 

    
   
   
  
  
   

  
    

       
   

   
  
   
      
  
  
 

 

O23°0> 9

ed internal-injurjos Which it will take
- He claims this to’be a very easentinl is used in their growth is wasted

a few days to réveal,
Mrs. Howard Kymal and Mrs: Chas, employment fm view. of the Govern- and the breaking off of large shoots
eS Bera sRaeatrs. pene ments onsen} for greater production. injures tho plants. When August
: » Niirrowly escape en Cole, aged eight, while play- 16th comes it is well to nip off all
Co." for $360,000 worth of chewing | ony years by caring for this gland. ' The ing.on the Government dock”here on| growing ends #0, that tho it will

1 fatal injuries Thirgday of last wee!
in- di \d the proper food
gum. for army use, the largest main caro is to feed it, and the prope nish ripening, alao open out the

  
   

 

22a

     
  
   
   
 
   

        
 

     
  
  
   

art through their avtomobile” inaeking Sunday afternoon, fell off and was
dividual Fder ever placed: for -chew- | {s oats. le at eee toner toe railing: ons -bridge near the} drowned, =A dozen oy more children Diant, If very. thick, to allow the sun- | _
Be artmant, tine pro-| foci ter sen hinin iors food lor the nerves, }Hairsine chore Md Laibot street, east, | saw the-child fall into the: water, butd Hane’ in, Ses Ie Greco:
4 he or nancd Nea tridgvay. 1,886, | theaney other grain that grows. And now It and ae Ke a Rls somersault into | were too frightened to give the-alarm When first (ruits begin. to ripen, Z
769 : Niessen 460 machine ‘guna | stemsthat they alsosorveto keepone young, | the ae Mrs. 2 aa took her friends | until she had gone down for the third] apply nitrate of soda,—a teaspoonful
Since the United” States entered the} But common oatmeal isn’t, good enon ade + ghost ape be ks one. be body tras not-yet been, re-| in a watering can, {ull ot Bier 40
. , t dict. The rich, |! 5 £ covered, ed en the: plants twice a week to make
iene “ pce (se dis SE coreiigey finery grelnaslogel are used nee making vopnaite ue Hatwine chee =A axe aes Canada Food Board has ordered liquid manure and*tise {t .Instead, |
A A A ie ‘ " ecte : co) ani Me je .
=A broken ‘cable caused an ebgind | Of Quaker. Oats. They aro selecte® oF oo 6 ugust F. ©. Durdan, 31 Sandwich These are “more especially valuable

iftings, and only ten pounds are driven by Mr. Pylley, of Wheatley, | street east, to discontinue the manu- er the wth has mn Bto)
‘nd car to break away and rum down | fo ei ite @ After passing the car and whilé ate facture jof candy, and not to“purchase spat: ak Sang aule Peron aE

the steep Maid-of-the-Mist Incline, at! — Oats means juststhe cream of| tempting to regal) the middie of the} any: sugar for ca: dy-making until af- t the weather ts very d
Niagara Falls. A-big Bay City crane BT pre re Salicions It costs but one-/ rond, the wheels of her car struck | ter September Pa or until permis- Det tha trunk around them thot

on the trick received the shock Of) decent per dish. some 10050 gravd! which caused her|sion is granted by th \ : af
) the runaway train, and was practical- | balécent pe to run into Mr. Pulley. ‘The two. care ited by the board. The pen-| oughly in thé evening, then makoa |

C aity follows upon infraction of the} new mulch in the morning, —
ly destroyed, came together on tie bridge, and the | regulatio ae Yath Weas
} Fruit brokers in Blston were pun- hs n which requires that candy} When the frat fruit, in \staked:

a }one driven by Mrs. Rymal struck the | manufacturers th

Jshed by the food maalblatessions: es Treesand Lightning. railing vith auch force that, ft was, use monthly, tomutoes aa Resta é ats or ie
ie posing le acuent q 0 hears eR cai tnidal ae er the car turned: oy brag tnlight In no
kind that they had ordered, dhe: auf bare, Te ilabiiey Thartaln' trege | Aree awn catia
= Morities holding. that “uo edible | one struck by. lightuing. - All kinds | juries,” Her bag!
_ commodity should be allowed to go to} 0°" ons nye: been! ‘advanced along} bruised, and hero!
aes NN Pe : eo lines” ‘The ancient Romans be-} shreds. Mrs. Ryma
Mévod that the mulberry, laurel, peach, } jams narrowlseaa
; and ‘box trees wore lightning | when: fishedvat of

Gero mic ig Be et ta era
"i : 4 imes are o} that corte

; troit, was shot to death at 2°a.m. on}! Se or lean ilablento, 2

prriday ‘na a fet fth-a ‘burglar who’) m by Mgnt Le

avenue, # hin

cash and chequ
, Mayer, carrying
cont, Jett “hy
ough |

    

   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
 
  
 
 

EBzaso

 

 

        
   
   

     

     
  
   
    

 

   

  
       
   
    

    
    
 
   
   
 
   
   
    
   
  

       
 
   
   

   
    
 
 
 

   
 
 
 
  
    
   
 
    
 
 
  
 
 
 

  
  
  
  
  

      

   
  
   
 
   
  
 

      
   
 

   
       
  
 
 

  
   
    
  
  

-

Made in Canada. ae

 

   
  
  

      
 
 
   

 
 
   

IKE STOPPING

«urers selling these: commodities were barely making an existence, and the same with their employees., To-day things have

 
   

W. R.

| THE CLOCK TO SAVE

In Pre-War times we put forth every effort and searched all ihe markets to buy staple lines as cheaply as possible. Manufac-

that follows in the wake of WAR. We all know that high WAGES designate Prosperity, consequently we
markets to secure the'BEST VALUES, so that quality will remain long after the price is forgotten.

iOYGE & GG., a

  
 
   

TIME.

changed. ‘Prices have advanced, and all Operators, Machinists, Wanufacturers and Farmers are participating fm the prosperity

have ‘searched all

»

the

Corsets that Fit, Support and ~
_. Beautify the Figure.

CiC A La Grace Corsets

Even after long wear C\C A La Grace Corsets have the same
satisfactory set, the resistent firmness as when fresh from the

first fitting.

Such durability can come only from excellent material con
structed with the skill obtained through long years of practical
experience. This dependable quality lends added value to their
notable style, grace and compliance with current modes.

$1.50} t0 $6.00
Harrow.

Whee BR UE UR CO

THE ECHO IS THE OFFI

CIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF COLCHESTER SOUTH.

   

im | Or Still Beiter !, | I Nee

oth to be the best value on the
market to-day:

For appearance, Power'and
Durability, . General Economy

and efficiency _
ee is backed by the strongest .
d must make good.

We guarantee b

. « Our guarant S
Manufacturers an

Don’t fail to have a Demonstration.
It’s In Your Interest.

 

, RIGHARDSON & SON

-Store’ closes TUESDAYS at 6 P. M.

THURSDAYS 12 tom Sow ne

Now is the Time to Choose a
~. VICTROLA

While we have,a new and_ up-to-date line
of Records. Take one with you to your
Summer Home.

 

 
 
  
  
 
  
      

 

 

 

Jeweler and Optician

 

 

 

  

 

      

 
   
   
   

. oe A.G. TAYLOR, - HARROW. - ONT
wri SEE Pert eet eee retreat : kaa
fe +? \ ‘ +
+ .,Farmers Attention, :
+ 5
+ ‘
; : SILOS! |
Bs Asetesas s- as $135. :
- 10's, co.cc ewes $150.00 x4
a4 40'x30". 0S sees eees $175.00 #
+ 12x28". .1.$185,00 2
: obo arenes a :
*. + 14x80". 77 1$230.00 +
= TAKG6'. ce ee eee oe «$276.00 :
+ Material for ROOF will not exceed $15.00.
+ We build these Silos of PINE and CEDAR. t
: z THE TWO. EVERLASTING TIMBERS. +
ge 2 You can readily see by ite apr prices. that you are getting t
: (the Middle Man's prices. *
t i bd. BUSINESS DIRECT WITH THE MANUEACTURER!
+ “~ yBASY TERMS.
? CONKLIN PLANING MILLS - Kingsville, Ont +
£ _DEALERS.IN LUMBER," LATH, LIME. SHINGLES, & CEDAR POSTS
or eebetthbbted SEES b htt e ee tee te tee ees

|

 

: OUR SALE IS

But here are a few Bargains for Summer Time. -

ieee Rs

low Do They Appeal To You?
At 15 Per Cent Discount
-Off Regular

  
 

White. Shoes for Men,
‘Women & Children: -
25 pairs Men's
‘Heavy Shoes’ ne
36 pairs Men's

    
 
  
 

   

 
  

  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

OVER |

   
  

EEPEPEEDETELEEE EEE EP EET EEE

¢ HARROW. }

+

Heeb EP EAL EAD EEL EEE
Hogs are bringing $18 per cwt
Mrs. A. G Taylor and children are

spending # few days in Essex~
Mr. Bail, of Weston, has been &

guest at fev. Thomas Frears. in

r has returned from

RUBBER HEELS

—AT=
200 Pair
2 Paire for 38¢

Foot Comfort at a low price.

 

Mrs, Thrashe 1
viaiting her son Mahlon, at Essex. THE SENTIN EL STORE
E. F. Darby accompanied James Moc- : ADAMS BLOCK — a HARROW.

 

Donald to London, this week, to get
some new cars

Mrs. William French and Miss Mae
spent Monday with the latter's sister,
Mrs. Alex. Richardson.

Mrs, Thomas ~ Vincent and Miss
Myrtle McDowald were in the city a
couple of days this week.

Mrs, Johm French and children, of
Malden, spent Monday with Mrs.
(Dr.) Sparling and family.

Mrs. Stoddart and family and .Dalsy
Brookland are camping at rear of Jas.
Howle’s farm for two weeks.

Mrs. Carey (Drummond of Windsor,
is home at H Ricoardson’s with her
child, sick of ciiolera infantum.

Rev, Dr. Hussier and family were
guests at the Methodist parsonage
Malden, Friday afiiernoon of Inst week.

Fred, Brooklant, wife and family,
of St. Catharines, are spénding the
week with his farther, Wm. Brookland,

Mrs. Henry Harris has purchhsed
Albert Vickers’ house and lot west of
the grist mill, and will take possession
at once.

Mrs. Fredi. Bissell and family, who
have been wisiting her parents, Rev.
and Mra. Siherman, have returned to
Windsor.

Mr. and Mrs. I. EB.
(Dr.) Charteris, Mrs.
and son Webster spent
Kingsville:

Mr. andi Mrs, Howard Chope; of De-
troit, spenit» Saturday and Sunday with
the latter'ls parents, Mr. and, Mrs.
Alonzo Brush. ¢ “

Carl-Smiith isenuraing an attack of
measles. Several other families in
the villages have this unwelcome mal-
ady in their homes.

Walter ami Georgina EdfMmgton left
on Tuesday to spend their vacation |
with their giister, Mrs: Andrew Comp-
ton, near Kiingston. ss

Mra. Malorolm Wright, of Baltimore,
is visiting ver mother, Mrs Elizabeth
Shay, and other relatives in the. vi-
Jcinjty for,a month. -.

J. M. Haluitead, of Windsor, spent a
few days off his annual holidays with
old friends there, leaving Thursday to
finish up his furlough jn Toledo.

John Wilsom -is among the list of
those enjoying green corn from his
garden for ‘over a week. This has
been a Dainner yenr for garden stuff.

Mr. andi) Mrs. Delmer, Baltzer, of

Guelph, were here attending the fun-
eral of the former's mother, Mrs. Sol-
omon Baltrzer.
Mrs. Jolin Wilson, Mrs, Joseph S.
Wright andj Mrs. Thomas L. Wright
attended thye funeral of tho late Mrs.
perks Wigile at Kingsville, last Fri-
ay.

Rev:. Mire ‘Hackson, of Walkerville,
will omcupy the pulpitvin the Baptist
church next Sunday, morning and
eveningyind’ at Iler Settlement in the
afternSon.

Mr. 3jnd Mrs. Lorne Herdman and
two daughters motored from Montreal
last week, and spent a pleasant holl-
day with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Herdman.

Miss Mae Sinasac, organist of the
Baptist @hurch, wag presented with
beautiful citmeo brooch by Mra. J.
McIntyre, on behalf of thé church,
in appreciation. of her very efficient
services. * : . A

Next Monday will’ be obsorved: a8
Harrow’s Civic. holiday, in common
with ll other towns and viljages”in
the Western part of Ontario, Stores
willbe closed tight, and everybody
will take @ holiday. It is expected that
the bowlers. will make up a few rinks
for the Amherstburg tournament.

Comp’ to the Patriotic "rooms over
Boyce's store every Wednesday: after-
noon, armed with needle, thimbles and
your glasses, and you'll get work that
will make OuF boys at the front more
comfortable. No time or need for
slackers. Keep the Crown Princo on
the ‘run till he. backs. upeinto Berlin
and the Alljes gain the day.

W. R. Boyce's lakeside cottage wits
completed {his week, and Mrs. Boyce
(had 90 far recovered that she was able
to undertaks the trip there» Tuesday
evening. Wiifle-afe id atill in a, yery
weak condition her friends both at)
Harrow and jn Colchester aro. delight-
ped to learn of her progress towards
complote restoration to health.
Sunday next the Lord's supper will
be dispensed «i the morning service in
|tho Methodist church, Every member,
as far as. possthiio, is expected to be
present.. 7.30 fim. (old. time)
fourth anniversiry of the war will be
observed, subjen¢: “Ke c

‘Pires Burning,” | ‘“
Dead.” Bxerybidy

“Miss Marion Morrow, of Detroit, {s
the guest of Miss Gladys Bailey, Ox-

ley.
Miss Roxane Little, of Windsor, is

here,

Jay Woughter, of West Branch, an
old resident of this place, who had
been visiting his sons in Detroit and
Flint the past month, 18 spending (a
week here with relatives and friends.

Miss Verna Husser, who has spent

day to resime her duties as manager

and Supply Co., of Detroit.

children of Canfield; Mr. and Mrs. CG:
Cunliffe and children, of Windsor, and

lin, ave been visiting Mr, and Mrs.
Cunliffe here.

Mrs, Annie. Richardson
word Tuesday, that her youngest son,

Canadian Engineers.
bit.”
Webster, Mrs. | duty again.

H. C. Cornwall

Tuesday in} well known.

great surprise to his mother and sis

him home on leave. Sappér Richard
son has left with his unit for overseas,
We wish tim every success,

used as Gn exeuse for many forfeit
ures of agreements—personal, busi
ness and corporation, that would no
be attempted, and if attempted no’

 

war Is blamed; and the Pere
quette continues to gel away with it

   
 

count of the war, notwithstanding I

ment, assented to by the people, rat

 
  
    
   
  
   
    
   
    
    
  

good money’ of the’ people of th!

116—"to ald, the L. BF & D. R. R.

der
ship agreed to pay a bonus of $20,00

nual instalments on condition that th

properly “fenced, etc, and “not les

dation to passengers to be run eac
way dally through said township.
This by-law received the assent of th
electors on January $rd, 1887, cam

$1,744 ‘was made, amoynting, in all t
$34,880; and now the Pere Marquett
deliberately, violates the terms of th
agreement for which the townshi
paid: War is certainly rosponsiblg fo,
curlous moves, but 80 long as the

 
  
  
   

  

    

havo to swallow the pill, as it has don
in Other instances where the pledge

  

   
  
  
 
   

 
 
  
  
 
 

come as surely and inevitably as th

er or later.

 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

=

 

    
   
 
 
   

  
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
 
   
  
 

 

  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
   
    
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

lot.
day. 2

row's civic holiday.” -

day at Dr. Hackett’s summer home.

Miss Kit Kenney, of
a fow days at Raymond, Marontate’s

   
  
    
   
  
     
   

lard’s.

in Detroit.
Mrs. Duncan, of W;
ing the summer wi
the} Mra, Gordon Howie.
‘The Her Patriotic

oming, is ‘apen

    
    
 
  
  

Thi Fe Alun ns

‘ o

‘Jat thé home of Mrs. 0. Le
(Wednesday afternoon.

   

tized: fon the | Thursday,

‘lcome. will me

 

"C. Artis 18 giving a grand wup-
st Sth. Proceeds for church
La d

( DON'T FORGET )
Woe are still selling

spending her vacation “at her home

a two weeks’ vacation with her par-
ents here, returned to Windsor Mon-

in the office of the National Roofing

Mr. and Mrs. A. M.,Bole and two

Mr, and Mrs. Isaac Simpson, of Mer-

recelyed
Sapper Walter Richardson, is with the

Sapper Richard-
son was always anxious to “do his
He has been rejected from other
battalions, but was finally called for
He was military police at
the Windsor ferry for one year,’and 1s
The word came as a

ter at home, as they. were expecting

War conditions and necessities are

permitted, in the piping times of peace,
If a hired man renegs, it’s due to the
war; if the price of any commodity
goes up, no. matter how absurdpethé
Mar-

refusal to “reatoré’ jtd “service on ac-
{s violating the most solemn agree-

fled by by-law of the township coun-
cif, andthe bonus paid for with the

municipality. The books of the town:
ship show that the by-law was No.

whose interests and obligations were
ossumed by the Pere! Marquette. Un-
the terms of this by-law, the town-
to the L. B. & D. Re R. dn twenty an-
Railway Company, its assigns or suc-
cessora would erect a station build-
ing at Harrow, keep ft in good’ order,

than two trains affording accommo-

into effect in February, 1887, and. for
twenty year’ the annual payment of

can gét away. with it, the public will
word wad broken, and while the day
of reckoning may be deferred it will

rile that all debts must be paid soon-

EEPEEPEE ELE EEE EEE EEE EES

E COLCHESTER SOUTH {

REPEL EALEEE TEEPE EEE TT FF
-Glen Marontate {is driving a Chevro-

Gouncil meets regularly next Mon-
Romember that next Monday is Har-
> Jacke Frasor, of Detroit, spent: Sun-
Detroit, spent

Mrs. M. P. O'Connor and children, of
Windsor, spent Sunday at J. R: Polk

Mra, Fannie Ross left on Tuesday
last to spend some time with her son

her , daughter,
c ey 7 Soctaty. will) moet
ep tho Homejat the home of Mrs. John Staddonm on

, rgood next

Mrs. Carl Jenkins and nfece Ruth,
Mrs. Roy Moore, of Detroit, visited
Mrs, Nancy Craig, last week.

Mrs. (Rev. Connor is getting along
nicely, having been able, to take sev-
eral auto rides the past week.
> Chris. Wiite and wife and Thorfin
Whittle and wife, of Ruthven, were,
guests over Sunday at Gil Morin's.

Orville Wright and wife, of Am-
herstburg, visited with his mother,
Mrs. Jos. J. Wright, on Sunday last.

Quarterly meeting in A. M. B. Zion
ehurch will be held thé second Sun-
day in August. A cordial invitation
to all.

Ezra Iler, of Sandwich, formerly
turnkey at the county gaol for twenty-
| five years, who has been seriously ill,
is recovering.

Oxley young people held a picnic at
Bois Blanc Monday for Leo Craig, who
jeft on Thursday for London to repért
for military service.

Georges Bowying is working at the
Brunner, Mond. His mother, Mrs,
Joseph Bowring, intends moving to the
‘Burg in’a short thne.

Rev. S. N. Hughes, wife and child, of
Sandwich South, are camping at Lov-
er’s Lane; Oxley, Mr. Hughes {s rec-
tor of St. Stephen's, church.

Capt. Howard Hackett, sister Annie
and Miss Annie Horsman, J. W. Gibb
and wife and Mrs. George Anderson
called on the Misses Hackett, Sunday
last, «

When moving*to the, lake Tuesday
evening, .\W. R. Boyce lost the oil
reservoir from a-Perfection stove. He
will be obliged if the finder will re-
turn it to him: eas

Mrs. (Dr.) Charteris, of Chatham,
is visiting her niece, Mrs. Harry Corn-
wall, for a few days, Mra, Stewart
Cornwall, of Detroit, spent fast’ week
with Mrsa-:Harry.

George McLean and daughter Rosa
-| were fh London last week to bid good-
| bye to the former's son, Pte, Ivan Me-
Lean, before proceeding from there
to another base camp.

Emma, youngest daughter of Mr.
“land Mrs. George Atkin, was. success-
{) fully operated upon for appendicitis at
ti 3irs. Tisdale’s® hospital, Leamington,
on Monday of last week.

Mr, and Mrs. Fred. Harris and chil-
dren and Mr. and Mrs. Parl Harris
and children, of Detroit, and Mr. and
Mrs. Arthur Fox, of Arner, were Sun-
day visitors at John Fox's, ~

Mr. and Mrs. Ira Mitchell and little
son motored from Colton to attend the
funeral of the-late Mrs. Solomon Balt-
zer. They returned home Wednesday
after spending a couple of days at her
father’s, George Tofflemire’s.

Sunday visitors at C. R. Gardiner’s
were Mr. and Mrs, Printy, of Kings-
ville; Mr. and Mrs. Pred. Schultz, of
Harrow; Harry Gardiner and family,
Milton Ross and=family; Mrs, Burn-
s{de, of Indiana.

Roy Butler and wife and Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Butler were, in Leaming-
ton on Sunday to see Aunt’ Lucinda
Atkin. Mrs. Atkin, who will be-89
the 29th of November next, is in a
very poor staté@ of health.

Corporal M. EB. Ehrhart, from Fort
Terty, New York, spent a few days
of his-last “furlough with Miss Merle
Horton, at the home of Robért Mt-
Manemy, Oxley.
pects to leave dat an early date for
overseas service,

The Busy Bees will sell ice cream
at the churchy Oxley, Saturday. cven-
ing. This venture,will be conducted
on the business bas{s of buying all in-
gredients and selling at the usual price
in order to ascertain just what profit
there is In the Spoposition, *

hilug Gladys Bailey, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs, A. E. Bailey, Oxley, did honor
to herself and bronght honor to the
Harrow Coutinuation School by pass-

 

8
t

i-

5

0

6

 
 
 
  
     
     
  

h

()
e

o
()
a

p

 
  
   
         

E
y

   
          
     
     

@
id

  

     
  
 
 
  

‘Entrance to» Normal examination.
She wrote at Amherstburg recently.

C. R. Gardiner purchased a White
threshing Machine outfit, consisting of
separator and traction engine, through
F. E, Sinasa¢, and Nad it fitted up. for
work on Wednesdays He expects to
go out In force next Monday. .

Rev. J. W. Connor, rector Christ
church, Colchaster, is very appreciative

e

     
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

Birch and Gordon Howie, respectively.
This is a very practical way of sup-
porting the gospal, a

at their home, sri concession, ‘Thurs-
day of last wete.. Sie hed hoon a

sufferer for a
‘culoata, The funeral took place on

 

was in Gilgal cemetery.
d-
| Sunday, the fourth anniversary

| prayér and
| por, rector,
at
5"
new. y union Will be
‘ministered at the lake church in
morning, and at ‘St. Alban's,
e afternoon.
> Charles Clark and

  
  
   
 

 

 

Corporal Erhhart ex- }*

 
 

ing, with honors the Middle School|$9.75 Plough Shoes fOr, «<.*~-.-

  
   
   
  
   
    

of the gift of two loads of hay, deliv-
ered in his barn. last week by John}

 

    

Jennie, 8-year-ojd daughter of Mr.|
and Mrs. Eldred Powellj.passed away

   
   
    

    
 
 

jong time with tuber

  

  

Saturday to the B. M. B, church, Hey.
row, Where services were conducted
by Rev. Peter Brooks, and interment

 
 
 
   

By request of the Government, Bh

of the
war, will be marked throughout ‘the
churches in this, parish by special
services: Rev. J. W. Con-
will deal with the subject
of God's new world, taking as his text)Some time
b, Sanka asta Ation would
te
Malden, })\;

Sas hee
“and

!

Useful. Suggestions

 

Cabbage worms are bad this year. If you want a sure remedy come to
the Drug Store: K ~ %

DR. HESS’ INSECT POWDER Is a remedy that Is useful for many things.
Dust your chickens, dust their nests and duat your cabbage plants with it.
It is a sure remedy for cabbage worms.

Feed your chickens HESS’ PANACEA every day and you will be getting
plenty of eggs right along and the chickens will be healthy.

Now is*the time you should watch your chicken pens and spray them ofte:

: hic Q 3) in
with KRESO, because it will destroy all vermin and at the ake time din-
infects and prevents disease.

 

HARROW

E. F. DARBY. “a
STATIONERY

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN »
io ag: NOTARY PUBLIC

 

 

bbb
t Observing Harrow’s Civic Holiday we Will Close
Our Store, MONDAY, AUGUST Sth

But are prepared at all business times to serve you well
with Fresh Groceries’and Provisions at most reasonable

prices.
If you are contemplating an outing on the above men
tioned date,we have the tasty things you will require for
HARROW Phone &

your luncheon. C5
: * a Es ; ! E
Canada Food Board License Number &—8345. © 4 ra

yA
. O

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.

 

sefeofooferfocfaalecfeniealaclaeleefoalaedenlar{aelerloete ioe

La ae ea Me Ss a

 

 

oe

   

 
 

 

5
te

|

“July-August
Furniture Sale

Furnittire, like everything else, has advanced in price. We were
fortunate {n-purchasing a large stock before the recent ndvances in
price and we are going to give our customers the opportunity. of seour-
ing some real bargains while our present stock lusts.." You, will get
the present stock at the old prices. Tako advantage of this sale to
réduce our stock. Here are a few specials to show you what we

offer:—

BED ROOM. SUITE—Dresser, stand, bed spring

and mattress for .........- dee EES
BUFFET (fumed-oak) $22.50 | COUCHES, from $10.00 up
1 NEW RAYMOND SEWING MACHINE, for only $27.00
{1 NEW -WILLIAMS SEWING MACHINE, for only $36.00

Dining Room Suites, Par-
Oak Rockers—away below:

$32.50

oofendendoerbesdontosdeclecleclendesbesierie iret

Rugs and Linoléums at special prices.
lor Tables, Jardiniere Stands, Pedestals,
the present prices of these goods. 3 .

Call and. examine our stock and we know you will find our prices.

right. ; ane A ate aT A RE OE BT

Saas Sh ae Sat es

eee

HARRO
Heber

 

Eeolorderlesteolestosfoofectontects

      

 

 

 

 

a > i, 1c = p » j i

Webster’sFarmers Supply House.
| ee SS — ee eee. Bate a

Ply Nets and Sheets, Dusters, Harness and Horse Collars.
Overalls and-Shoes. bid
$2.00 Plough Shoes for....:.-1. see cece cece eee eee ee BNE

ough Shoes fOr, v2-F.- 60. -0 20+ aoe ove cde + BOG

$3.50 Plough Shoes for.........4-..,+ Pen er Gere cre ay)

Auto Top and Body Dressing, and Partridge Tires.
‘Royal Purple and Pratt’s Calf Meal and Stock and Poultry

Foods. ede) idanlabised Vo i

coe ee eee +

C.W,, WEBSTER *

when he was teaching at the lake -
front, ‘and their whole married life
was spent-in this township? To them
were born four children—Lloyd and
Harper, on the home farm; ‘Delmer,
of Guelph, and Della, deceased. The

 
       
   
   

 

   
  
 
   
    
   

running about 30 bushels-to the acre.
Frod., White threshed $00 bushels
Lwhich was at once taien to T..R.
Flood & Son’s mili, testing 64 Tha. to;
the bushel, The Government’ has not
yet_set the prico definitely but {t 1s
expected to bo $2.25,and that means! families represented were all at the
a handsome return for Mr. White. —} funeral, except Ezra Ner, who is in
‘The Lord's supper will be dispensed ja poor, atate of health. ;
in the Oxloy Methodist.church Sunday} Zion. ,
afternoon next.. Every member, as far} ®ulmer Bros. are, preparing to era
as possible, is expected to be present.|5 silo, the purpose boing to start
Mrs, Solomon Baltzer, who had been } dairy.—Miss Flossie. Stéad 3; Suk-
in failing health “for”.the past two) yay°at her home cv ean ee ba
Years, died at the family homo, Pot-jors at George Higgins’ were: Enoch —
take pag ‘Saturday oe 4n_ the 70th sfoLonn, Mrs. George Scott and z
year of her age. wis & most} ter Ruby, of Wh + Wille
fationt sufferers accepting hor lot with Raby cpl waaay: .
christian fortitude and
ago in hope: th

 
   
 
  

  

  

      
   

 

  

on to
it fon Pept ‘weal

sad to be deforred, The

4
*

J. H. MADILL & CO. : |
w

 
 
 
  
     
         
           
  

 
   
  
  
  
    
       
      
       
  
  
  
        
   
        

}

*

y
et

on

 

 
  
 
  
   
      
     
   
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
   
  

 
    
   
  
   
   
 

  
 
    

 

    
_ = -FOUR YEARS OF WAR.

Tn a few weeks the first brood of to-}. On July 28th, 1914, four years ago} The Bell Telephone bas. cancelled
baeco hornwcrms ‘will make their ap | Sunday, Austria preciphated the great jal three-year contracts and hereafter
pearance. Last year they did a great) war still raging. in a declaration of will enter isto oneyear contracts
deal of damage ‘This season tobacco hostilities against Serbla. On Aug- saly. <
fs tigh Im price, labor and everything | ast Ist Germany served notice of war Immense good has been done the

a: : elze'is the same. so we can’t afford to| on Russia. and’ on August 4th Great difalfa and grazing crop by a $-hour
‘Frem Soffering by Getting let the horcworm have kis usual chew | Britain declared war on Germany. ate RE ke eae
Bly Lydia E. Pinkham’s before first adding a little Arsenate of ae a

rs district.
Lead to it ONTARIO DROW NINGS. Herbert C. Hoorer sive asurance |
Vegemble Compound, Now is the time to bry your Arsen-
iebargh, Pa —‘'For many months

i _} teat the Allies’ Pood supply is now
ate of Lead, and your powder or dust Frank Avbert and Car] ay ummere | certain. Of coarse: he ik counting on
machine if you heven't got one. Let-| drowned in the Hamifton Eay on SUD-! 5 gned Canadian crop.
- sett '& Sons, of New York, make these | day afternoon.—Melvin Lymberner, A committee of the British Cabinet |
#0t ab-6 lo do my work owin jan | machines, baz th: ¥ an be bad from} aged 15, only son of Ed. Lymburner, has formulated a scheme of trade pre /
8 Wercness which re merchants in Kingsville, (while bat ng in the Grand River ference Within the Expire which the
jp catsed backache Leamington and Blenheim. There | near Dannville at n Sunday, was Cabinet has: approved.
j ae eae, A be others, but there is one dealer | seized wich'cramps and, potwithstand-
iend ex) my
attention to one of
Your newspaper

1 his : Mr.-and Mrs Gilbert Gagnon. Me-

who | ing the ¢forts of his companions. was j S4ntic. Ont. have announced the birth
|| advertisements and Champion, this brand is used all
immeciately my ro th tchaceo belts of the

of their twentieth child. They have
J icsbord bought | throuzh

been married 2) years.
The Sport Shirt isn’t a beautiful
~ r 1! t sat to
— bottles of | South, 2 dis he moz ia * oe
dia E. Fickham’s

Theré are in the Ontario Legisla-|thing. But you'll have to admit that
ture twenty-six farmers, twenty-six | the man who is wearing one {sn't likely
egctzble Com- f : TE 672d | tanta: t doctors, seven lumber-

ne manufacturers, five mer-(tO get bot under the collar
OB fObaoco 5 é mail b lane ede the trip trom
pound for me, insurance agents, two} Mail by airp P.

Workers must have
more Soap |
The demand for Comfort—the high
quality, all-round cleanser is greater
than ever. We have made our bar

BIGGER by withdrawing the premiums,
during war-time anyway.

—_ =

at on having Legeett®: | witos WHO IN LEGISLATURE.

Miss Katherine Stinson, carrying
jead or parle

~ areene: i “working ” ggents & er-| Ca! onton. 196 miles, in
: fitter taking two f ev- reer sine ary re 5 Pa me minutes. i
and my troubles see de re sad i ty agent, an accountant. a dew ecqunited States army baloon No. 3,
rears thingofthepast All ay : ee veterinary.sur-| from Akron. Oh carrying Red Cros
who suffer as did should try Lycia E. appears, iiterature with a peek. Janded in
inkharm r mpound.""— {is di rr . apo tO get over fae — near the cemetery.
i - oe 6) Roars st id w: sing “| NO SNOW APPLES THIS YEAR. ill - Orn. a commercial tra¥- |
a so eva ical - Of Torento. was fined $20 and |
NG ae ae any form of {* ; 4 ar ER Tae (Th d é : at tratford for not having aj
ieee maby displ ents, : Sipe agin : 8 deal show that he was mar-
weakness, as indicated by displace aaa a Ps Le ee é al
inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, | oF
e, headaches, ae OF
ee od dive Lie | a knocked down by a-motor car driven
Pini rae Vegetabie "Com: acted 2 ‘i. : = ; i t to and Quebec, by Mu ‘A. Second. KC, of Galt, and
Sees bear ima torian eed Be‘ OF rt i ; fs t00k ng Tape sates as fatal. inj : ,
orty é gi r a ride. Consy 8 will mor dexiroyed |
ait asc TES 5 bere Foe a | £ i CA BOD | ar e €y os upti] ; builidings of the Leeds and Grenville Gour
Bteri : j trolls = ~ de Eig jt barre] of|Homae of Industry, located near the 4 ;,
“mysterious complications write for | tro Sat lce - | Pesca ocean - \ barrel of ts = i Haine i T H vel
en to Tyeis Pinkbam Medicine | arsenate cs nd p ne. 0 30g. Fopula: | : & maln buildin : i | . ~ nse

a bigger bar for the
money without 2 a
premiums SS CH

syiban

ANNI TU
i i
ve
|
wi 4
Your grocer can sell you
this bigger, money-sav-
ing Bar—just insist on
it. Comfort Soap has
the largest sale in Can- ( : . l (
ada—quality talks—the ‘ - ing °
people know best. * ; the

Pugsley, Dingman & Co. ff calles

Albert James Norris, aged 23, a
farm employees near Branchton, was

* Ps E

ford, and « dow in the Mt alte pth f Wn 1-- in: A
Publishea by h church was F Ff hi N 5 ) a F pe

fei # Osas farm vt Att Wei! P ra frei y @ |
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited | very efteetive. ‘but gE the cha at | a anes : ag Fi NE Sill Ties | Saeco “
JOHN A. AULD, A.W. MARSH, | | re ae Poche ; Soaks : teed be : et nh : . i Boor
President. Sec--Tre. : oe Ss not <t to the se , { i } C r fs } (Serr aloe brerecers z - ze sma - - *Doje:
5 z "i Vena
ing, -
inhak
contr
Tis
Siauk
my 0
ostah
office
Judge
Roe,
of thi
} vis eis eight
tell-a-woman. } som a od 7 ‘ 4 st M
To‘print all +» I t ybury,

A e 5 onvill
You ‘can t. McKenzie, -being | Six : j waa :
Prapce. Xx 2
net fishing season been

rall that
the best this year fn the ory of | reasons

: 9 Iu

® port. Last year t! 5 f =} { = he
ishing on June rt bet
J ng a season = wt ; < et
The potnd . % y : 4 x
a was a little below the aver- ae
9M
26 M

 

 

 

MORE TORONTO NONSENSE.

Registering a
“Do you reme er

I —Steadies nerves
2—Allays thirst

3— Aids appetite
4—Helps digestion
5— Keeps teeth clean
6—It’s economical

e,

winders B. G. Westocott~and_ wife, left last

7 at “the | week for Philadelphia to visif-for a

uvir killed wan!’ ! son William, who
ourse, training for

for men for m
diy drafted and

An Antipodean Mr: Blunderby. Spector of high ex-
old. veteran wil was for a long | plos Frem Philadelphia they go
: : 4 curator of a e in Australia | to N ¥ ork and Boston, thence by
standard flou 1k oF, ric bu 1 i nay tle-atter ¢ : 1o a8 noted for his 1 alapropisms. One| steamer to Halifax.
Whalen the ea Ae aS it row Ly je was summoned by two atudents | Fee S. clas and wre aren oe
of the ¢orHdor, ; little trip’ Tuesday, takmg~D. y
S €Xasperated ‘alm:}boat at Detroit to Buffalo, thence to
jaimed “I really; Lewiston, where they wfll take the |
unot be iniquitous.” 25 lieu Navigation Co. boat for Que =
is

{5 supposed
reverse the proc
mer article th ute? Surely it | oxide.a uy
is up to the G t to apply
proper remedy.
in thélr power, ar
«WOOT later will
tion trom the
to.stea} thie
Jand, the

hee, ce’to St. John, N. B,, and : 3 S

Halifa nd) Lunenburg, N. Ss. They *
wil) Be absent about three weeks, 4

Mrs. Farr,-of Edmonton, éister of

(courve-} Dr. Tiomas, North Branch, Mich.

d; then i¢! who has been Biving the Doctor’s chil-

-“A covering for {dr ten days’- outing at Cedar

f eft last Week for Inwood to

Word Has Had Many Meanings.

The ‘term “poci handkereh sj

=

J a‘cover-| Visit with her parents before return-
EON OIL. INCOME Dvé

1 held. in the hand and ing to her western hom
i

Keep the soldiers and
- Sailors suppiled!~ ’

A Ht een aphis is playing havoc4
_ po vines, — T, aré®a slow-
+ ty Not Happiness. ind infest the under, side ‘
evar f VES ¥ Ui, Ti F eared my i rt } €s3 4s ieee: When | t ac, making it Very difcultito . G
Acting on a Ort 5 iby ¢ Ee, : ar re 1 i SITD ‘ote dy}, . is ofpked h sordid de- } Re tnen with a whale oil soap GZ
Board’ ot R = ‘an 1Hé " d : : x hh : dt be no happiiress. ~y Sprase” About the only way to get af VV
orderin-Cr : : :

ie appeal case vita

~
what of 4 I

Id ‘Ike to be the con- ts is for two to do, the-spray- Z
of bounties, pon bons, to take a stick and press the \ WZ
ad Infinitum. They é the other'doas tay
a them pleasure. + yr

imposed } 1 Ix pound : f : e f ee | RYO charity sort. They are = nari 4
Wage edule ~ we ty powder for et re, 5 ‘ples of obligations. Once, upon’ a time, as the Story books
bou | Is do not reahize that Say, dear reade am old, darky was

such stuff to satur- brought before a. magistrate in the
the sou!. Tha very | edutib Sambo had fallen foul of . a

ide wh

I 4

ve clog their spirits

eee

Btajed that
the i

2 e
ognized the |
rating con-|

ditions 4n Can he United |
States; and the that In gen- |
crak wage employees
inthis cou Jar togthose
fn forcg on

A company hénded by a Mr. Clark,
of Toronto, and in Which a number of |
prominent ‘Toronto business men are
financially interested. has been form,
ed dor the. purpoye of trolling for and
in the event of dlacovery, siivaging
the car ferry Besseme; Wiich went
down in Lake Bite in the groat No-|
Vember storm of 1909. On the fatal |
night the distress signals of Besse-
mer were heardest Port § » but
the people on shore were po
BO to the ald of the ship,
almost “without a trace.” A week or
80 Inter 2 small boat cont ninfie seven
or elght froxzen*bodied of mbere of
she Bessemer was found dritting fil the
‘lake. Buf no. sgn of the ‘great _ferry
was e¢yer definitely located The
Bessemer carried a large number ot,
Jonded coal. cars, a crew of about 22
men, and was supposed to have had
aboard a considerable quantity of coln
At the tim of her loss,

~~ YOUR
CHILD

_ Will not guffer with eunburn oF heat
if you use Zam-Buk,

“py

Ont., saya:

always keep a “supply. of

at our Childron’s ‘Camp.

it grata ty for sunburn,

ngs and bites, as well ax

bruises and sores, and be

As nothing to equal it”).

if suitable for

owing to) its
It 0

Neight of wodd
laked Iime before app
ageo In themdust -
g001 udiferm distri-
To each pound of paris green.
add about three pounds of wood ashes
or ali. d lime, pre ably -alr
alaked thorodg and” ap-
pis, when the dew fs off, 1a dust
Run
. H. AW FREEMAN,
= Tobacco Inspector
Ottawa, July 22nd, 1918:

PASSPORTS FOR WOMEN,

Women of S$
Jy count i

tHe. States

M

other side
secured t
quent'y: a
overpm tine
DasAports jn“ the
trouble point to
going o ovens!
agave a

fach tj

are giver

DOL as yet
ad conse-

Srsonw with
#00 find no
and o

W. Blake Everingham, Wabash train
despatcher,. St. Thom yas drowned
at.Port Stanley short) er the noon
hour ‘Thursday while bathing in front
of the L, & P. S. bathing house. we !
dove from & raft feet foremost, and
probably suffered a cramp. His body
Wik recovered nearly an hour after,
and although efforts were:made to re.
vive him by artificial means, the spark
of life had flown. The tragedy took
piace In about six feet of: water,

At Osgoode Hall Chief Justice Mu-
Jock dismised the motion by Gordon
Waldron for writ of habeas corpus ip
connection With the M.S. A. Mr. Wal-
‘dron., endeavored to show that the
Judgment given by the §
had really no furisdiction because of
the fact that the case before them—
that of Pte. Gray, was not really a
erimina] matter, by*teason of the fact
that {t was not orfminal

yj S4eriiice, sorrow and the glory of

only on the been

until they ¢

p say

t ¥r could
£0es out and n
happines

appreciate real hap-

only realize tiat what
1 what comes in makes

TIPEURN. CAUSES Loss
IN POTATO FIELD

Mennonites,
tadeiphians
5 tobe} Tipburn rats
ted from ‘com milisary | bean ¢} a
according to routine orders potato crop
¥ on the @pplicants la, the

fide membership

on-air prior to

er than Iate blight has
of the dying off of the
ording to the botanists
Experiment Station: Tip-
e Xcessive dry weather
ne Z impossible for the .potato
aie : a 2 fide ake up as much water from
<8 of one of the]; 7

the soik as It gives off into the air;
ese four sects have: jbeer Dass: Thence the Je;

aves. burn.
ed upon by the central appeal judge, Other diseases may-attack the pota-

and the order states that tlhe Soclety | toes during tipburn causinb heavier
of Friends (Quakers) shouild also be | toes during Upburn. causing heavier
regurded as coming withim the Scope | the foliage healthy and Will form a
of the provisions of zhe*mict for treat- Ppotato insurance, growers say, If
ment. of conscientious - otbjectors, al- lave blight appears later spraying will

though no judgment haw wet been ren-| tand to hold {t im check although the
dered concerning {¢

drafteé producing ~ sa Ustactory proof | cool, wat Weather,

that his case comes within the terms Bordeaux mixture sprayed on the

of these regulations itt is to be struek | vines every two weeks ‘Is a. form of

off the strength. — botato insurance. 1¢ fg mad@ by diz-
E " 2 solving fo

SIR JOHN GIBSON BROKE DOWN. & four to six pounds of copper

ieee ‘four gallons of water and
% wre | aking four pounds ‘of quic ime
In.times of stresy friendships are then pouring the pC er real ae
developed and concrevtly baved by géther and diluting ith wilter to 50
Cr ee hat the | stllons. Cloudy, er OF periods
Jovernent. —* The yeweer Uret te | when the sun 1s not hot fs best for
of struggle and acéomplishment Spraying 8 a seaid may develop in
bullas around men of action in EWEDt! hor weather. ‘Any practice which w
away and big hearts #¢nd out soul keep the-vines green’and healthy will

Messages to friends without Festraint. | aid in Potato production, botanists st 5
Two lacidents of fratetaal, brotherly J- aot =

feeling that wil] ever remain gréen {fp ' ¢ 1

the memory of thoge w»9 participated : i WELL >
in or witnessed them 490k place at the 5 at
Meeting of the Masorif¢ Grand Lodge DURING HOT WEATHER
at Windsor Jast week. During one of eI OT +

the sessions news ee
Quentin Roosevelt, son f €X-Presiden hot summer month “small
Theodore Roosevelt, had bel killed in. sg =
action while flying over 1h¢ Germ: pores. Cholera infantum, dtarrh
lines, Col. Roosevelt is a Member of
the craft and a telegram of ceadayence
was moved to be sent to the father
Sir Join Gibson, Lieutenant-Governor
of Ontario, rose to second the motion.
The staesman faltered and his voice
shook with emotion as he told how t
some time ago « similar message had |

received by him from ¢he ex:

‘ground that a conviction was regis- | President on the death of his own son,

tered against him under the im

ped fot iMag tae Sa

po Y eno 6! ee
behind a judgment of the Supreme

‘| who also madé th

@ aupreme | a.
The entire assembly rose hee 4 i ins
tae ae cont
the hearts of all,

a blessing it would be

In. future any | tate bilght makes {ts appearanch in

nlidog while entering a eto aie Be
the dog’s white owner. “Didwt JI give
you 19 days last month for stealing
chick sked the magistrate, “It
Was tt ane henhouse you were try-
ing to get into before, What have you
tov say for yourself?” The darky
seemed perplexed. ~ “Yo Honah,” he
said, “Yo sent me to de chain gang
fo trying to” eteal some chickens,
didn't yo?" “Yes, that was the
charge’® “And don't the law say that
you can't be charged twice for the
same offense—that no nian shall be
placed. in jeopardy for the same iden-
“ical act?” “Yes.” “Den, yo Honah,
yousc got to let me go, dem wag the
fame chickens,” In- other words, we
might clte something in Tegard to the
Stealing of our gravel bythe Ameri-
can sandsuckers, They keep taking
load after load.) We try to stop them,
but they steal in the same place: “The
powers-that-be say, “Well, we can't
do anything. First show us conclus-
ively that they are hurting your is-
land and we wil] try and do some
thing.” We have shown that time]
and againe’ But. pshaw, that’s another,
Story-which has been worn out and
patched up a thousand. times, so
what’s the dif? When the water

: Saves nine and {
what's that about nailing on a loose! |

horseshoe—it was aul right in “our
sraifdmother’s daye, byt not in this.
enlightened age, .
—
New Version.
Early to bed and early to rise make
a man ‘healthy, wealthy and an awful]

Every mother knows how fatal the] th

HARROW, > -

Tots

Chew it after every meal

 

ONTARIO.

T.R. FLoop SON,

Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds.

 
 
  
 

 
   
  
 
   

Early t istory of Essex County, =.

 

of St. Loule, in the City of Quebec, the 24th July, 1788, divided the
provinco oF aurea five districts, namely: Gagpe, Lunenburg, Meckien-
pau ani g

Doe istrict of Hesse comprehended all the residue of the Province in the
western OF inland parts thereof from the southerly to the northerly boundary,
of the 8B d_ included Detroit and Mackinaw and the eountry south ¢
mom to th nid and westyard to the Mississippi; and on the 16th day
July 1792,{, Governor Simcoe, in his proclamation from Kingston, divide
z into. nineteen Counties and the Provincial Legislature at 16

@ rd Dorchester,
cast

  
 
  
  

Co
Dor jcasion at Newark, on the 16th October, 1792, (32 Geo, IIL. c. 8) re-namei
a hip abovo four Jast nanied districts in their order, the Eastern, Midland, Homs
‘ end Western.

'
i By tho same last mentioned proclamation Essex was made the eighteenth!
3 county” and was to be bounded on the east by the county of Suffalk, on the
© B® gouth by Lake Erie, in the west by Detroit River to Malsonville’s Mill, from
thence by & line running parallel to the River Detroit and Lake St. Clair at
the distance of four miles until it meets the River Tranche, or Thames, thence

w the said river to the porthwest boundary of the County of Suffolk.

By the 38th, Geo. III. c, 6: An Act for the better division of the Province
promulgated by proclamation Jet January, 1800, it sald; “The Townships of
Rochestor, Mersoa, Gosfield, Maidstone, Sandwich, Malden, and the tracts of
jand occupied by the Huron and other Indians upon the Strait, together with
such islands a6 are in Lakes Erie, St, Clair and the Straits, do constitute and
-form the County of Essex. Sec, 40 provided that Essex and Kent, together
with so much of this Province a8 {3 not Included within any other district
thereof, do constitute the Western District.” *

Sec. 7 of this Act of October, 1792, authorized the Justices of the Peace in
Quarter Sessions assembled to procure plans and specifications and elevations
of a gaol and’court house, and to contract for same to be completed within
eighteen months, and that the gaol and court house for the Western District
shail bo built in the manner afpresald as near to the present court louse as
conveniently may be. This of Course was in Detroit.

By 33, Geo. ITI, ¢. 6, 1793, it was provided that the Court of Quarter
gosalons of the Peace for the Western District should commence and be
jolden in the Town of Detroit. and that Special Sessions of the Pence should
commence to be holden, yearly and-in every year In the Town of Machil-

ackinac. ‘

2 This.ordes of things/obta(ned till the Act of June 3rd, 1796, which provided
for the departure of British authority from Detroit to Sandwich, and the hold-
ing of General Quarter Sessionsein the parish of Assumption on the second
Tuesday of the months of July, October, January and April “until such time
as it-shall seem expedient to the Justices to hold the sume nearer to the island
called Isle of Bois Blanc.” A similar provision was made as to the County
Court. The set, Court of Quarter Sessiona held in Detroit way in January,
1796, as tho removal took place to Sandwich that summer. And as there
nover was a removal to Bols Blanc or Amberstburg, the court house was
erected In Sandwich on tho ground where the prosent couft house stands.

    
  
 

-<Ofticials of the District of Hesse and Western Dirtsict—Detroit.

Henry Hamilton was tho first Lieutenant-Governor, appointed In 1775, for
tho Detroit District. The Commandant was no doubt the first Judge.

* In 1767 tho first formal spointment of a Judgo was mado by Captain
Georgo Turnbull of the 6¢th or Royal American ‘Regiment Commandant of
Detroit and the Dependencios, who on 24th April of that: year appointed Philip
*Dejean, a merchant, as Justies of the Peace, Notary Publfc, Tabillfon and
Vendue Master of Sgles that might tako place there, and on 28th July follow-
ing, Major B. Robert Bayard commanding, gave him on*the potition of the
jnhabltants the further comnilision to decide all actions of debts, bonds, bills,
contractSand ttespasses cbove the sum of £5.0s. 0d. Now York curroncy.
Tiis is treDydee Dejean so sherply referred to by Chief Justico Campbell, and
stange to~aby I have two original documents from his hand and seal among
my old papers, The District of Hesse having been sot apart in 1783 and courts
established Lord Dorchester on 24th July of that year appointed the following
officora:—Jacques Duperon Baby, AJexander McKee pad William Robertson,

aerz 7 3 : District Judge, £15; Sheriff, £100; Clerk of the
as Govornor-General,; by proclamation Issued from the | {trict ‘Court, £25; Rogistrar of
o'Customs at Amiterstburg, £68;
urg, £118. ; Those of Surrogate Judge, £26; District Treasurer, £66; ‘In-
sector of Licenses, &c, £76; Inland Reyenue and Collector of Customs, £50,
re calculated from those of another District and were all held by Mr. Handa.

    
 

* ‘as neice
Peace, £120; Clork of
Deeds—Kent £76, Essex £69; Collector
Postmaster at Sandwich, £100; Ambherst-

 

Salaries, +. -

 

Legislate Council of Hess and Western Distriet.

1792-1818
,1792-1838
.. 1834

Hon. Alexander Grant. .
Hon, James Baby
Hon, James Gordon

 
  
  

‘

Western Division, Election Legislative Council.

Hon. John Princo..,.:...- ‘
Hon. Sir Altan N, MacNab.
Hon, Walter McCrea. ....... reece eer ears 1872

 

Mr. McCrea remained In the Council till December, 1870; when ‘he was

ippo:
was

{nted Judge of Algoma, succeeding Col Prince. Hon. Joseph Northwood
called to the Senate in 1880 for this section, and on his deathsin 1886 was

sticceeded by the Hon.‘Charles B. Casgrain, of Windsor.

John Macleod elected

Arth’

Jahn O'Connor elected April.

A. Fi

Jolin O'Connor elected 20th September...
Hom,

Wil
J,

  

Eilusex,
“

“

“

Judgeg of the Court of Cémmon-Plées; Gregor McGregor, Sheriff; William. |

Roe, Clerk of the Peace; Thomas Smith, Clerk of the Court of C. P. and Clerk«
of the Peaco and Sessions of tho Peace; and George Meldrum, Coroner; andl

St. Martin Adhernan, William Macomb, Jontdire de Chabert, Alexander Mais:-
onville, William Caldwell, Matthew Elliott. jn 1789 Wiliam Duinmer Powell
was appointed Judge of the Common Pleas aad Probate.

KX Judges of District Court.

794....Thomas Harffy
1800....Thomas Harffy .,
1800.;..Prideaux- Selby ....

  
 
  

9 July
1) January .....
1 January .....

    
  

   

12 June ..1807%,. Robert .Richardsonwer.~e. in. . md
5 April 1826. Robt Richardson and Wm. Berczy., Xe
30 November. ..18327¢%. William Berczy and Chas, Elliot...

9 March $3... charies. EME *. 25... tag owes wer if a

 

96 Mily Alexandér Chewett

Judges of Surrogate Court.
No dato (1793 or’94).:. James Baby (Hon.)

 

 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

 
 
  
 

 

 

 

30. August=..... 1796....Walter Roe _
1 January ...,. 1800... James Baby- _ €
29 August ...). 1801....Richard Pollard
20 December ...1824.+..William Hands
9 March ...%.. 1836....Jolin Alex. Wilkinson. “
7 Clerks of District Courts.
James Allan George T. F. Ireland ,
ChKarjés*Askin Wm. R. Wood a
Sheriffs. Pope
16 July ....+...1792...-Richard. Pollard,.......-- Essex and* Kent Countless
1 January .1800....Richard, Pollard... .. Western
7 Jund -. .2..:-,1802....Willlam’ Hands. ....". “<p
- 10 September ..1883....Bbenezer Reynolds .. G3
7 August ’...«..1837-s..Robert Lachlan .. "
1 August .....:1839....Raymond Baby....- i

.1840..>.George Wade Foot.
1849....John Waddell
1851,...Wm:, Duperon’ Baby.
.1856....John McBwan

23 October «
16. January ....-

‘Essex and Lambton
.. Essex County

 

 

6 May ....s--

 

  

 

1885....Johbn C.,Ner.,....
1910....J. B. D'Avignon... ae z
3 March ..,..,1917....C. N. Andergon.,......-. te r,
Clerks of the Peace.
/ 9 September ..1794....Walter Roe <.......+ ya. Western
1 January ...,.1800.,..Walter Roe .....# Be y
~ 29 August”. ¥1801.... William Hands .. nt

 

ns -1802....J&mes Allan

Avie on record for Wostern District after this date.)
+ #\1817....Geo! T. F. Ireland foie

: 1924....Charles Askin.

> 1835....Charles Baby
ign S.°S: Macdonnell and Crown Attorney
1594.,

Alfred H. Clarke ¥~ a
1904....John Henry Rodd

. Treasurers of the District.

November ...1833....Jean Baptiste Baby
14. February ...1842....Jean Baptiste Baby

6 June

 
  

  

“

.. Western — Aftter County.

  
 
  

 

1850....George Bullock . = {Council Act
1808-33. .».Wm. Hands (idded).....-
‘i i Registrars of Essex County, : ’
1793....Richard” Pollard ........+ Essex and Itent
1825.,..Wm. Hands ......-..-.5+- es .
12 November ..1829....John Boverly Robinson... Kent

1831....James Askin .-
1846..,.John Askin .....

1858....John Askin
1872....3. Wallace Askin

..1914....J, O. Reaume

Registrars of Surrogate Court.

1794... Richard Pollard......,... Western’
1800. /..Richard Pollard... we

1801.)..William Hands .
1831,...James Askin

Judges of the County Court of Essex.

1800—Gordon Watts Leggatt—died Sept. 6th, 1883.
1883—Charles R. Horne—died February 2nd, 1907,
1891—Michael A. McHugh—Junior Judge—died May 31st, 1913
1207—  Glements—Junior Judge (resigned).
1908—George Smith—Junlor Judge.

1913—John’ O. Dromgole—Senior Judge.

Deputy Clerks of tho Crown, County, Court Clerks and
© © Registrars of the Surrogate Court. ~

4862—1870—Duncan A. McMullen.
1870—1901—Frank B. Marcon.
1901—1914—Frantls Cleary. _
1914— Henry Clay. -

Commissioner of Customs.’ xe

Robert Richardsop .....56 |
Charles. Askin. .......4... Western
— Willlam Daft .. :

“. Charles Askin
«+1826. ...Robert Ris

—- + James We

~ Charles,

#.Chiarlca,

3 July
2 4 Decomber ...

 

19 October

 
 
 

1 January °...-
29 August ....-.

   
 
 
 
  
  
    
   
 
  
  

 
  

27 Aprit pea rae
11 Jang,
11 Febroary ©. .;1881

bt

  

elght.Justicesof the Peaco who were Alexander Grant, Guillanme La Motte:,]~

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 

Western Distritct | coiomon Wigle; elected Soptember........-csev crear cescevescrascresnee
Albert: Prince, elected 14th Marchi
Lewis
North
South
North
South
North
South
North
South
North
South
South

Nor!

South

Nor
Sou!

North

Sou

North

Sou!

North

Sou

North

part of. the Province. which

. Patterson 17th September.;...... 2. cer eree creer esensens .

M. P. P.’s for Essex from 1792 to 1856.

  
    
 
 
  

J. B. Baby cise. «2k CSRS Sonor ee 1792
Thomas McKee ...,..0b reece e eer n ene een res 1801
Matthaw Elliot . .1801-"05-'09
David Gowan ... 05... ccc ences entree rnc cnses 1806
J. Bo Bray... 0... . 1809-20
Williah McCormick . pb = 2

Georga B. Hail..
. Francis. Baby....
William Elliott <.
Jean B, Macon
John Alex. Wilkinson..
Francis Caldwell
John Prince ......,6eee eee eee es

Essex County Members of Parliament.
Dominion of Canada.

i 1h i1g36—b6

 

  
 
 
 

kin elected 1861...
ur Rankin electe agGa

ankin elected July

 

 

Members of House of Commons since Confederation.

Sas 2 8 ASTS
October 1874
fice Ss 1878

 
 

J. @ Connor July 20th. .......- creer eden eeeren ees
fam McGregor January 22, 1874; unseated and re-elected 22

   
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

South—Lewis Wigle ...
North—J. C. Pattorson..
South—James Brien ...
North—J. C. Patterson...
South—Henry W. Allen
North—Wm, McGregor....
South—Mahlon K. Cowan.
North—Wm. McGregor ....
South—M. K. Cowan
North—Robt. F. Sutherland. .
South—A. H. Clarke
North—Hon. R. F. Suthorland.

South—A.-H. Clarke

North—Hon. T. F. Suthorland 26thi October, 1908
Hon. R. F. Suthorland was appointed to the Bench fn 1909 and in
bye-election, November 11th, 1909, Oliver J. Wilcox was elected.

South—A, H. Clarke... .6. 6.0 seen ae geet crete

North—O. J. Wilcox Bon

South—Dr, J. W. Brién..

North—W. C. Kennedy...........

“20th June, 1882
20th Pebruary, 1887

Sth March, 1991

28rd June, 1896

71th November, 1900

$rd November, 1904

November, 1911

17th December, 1917

Province of Ontario.

\Members of the Legislative Assembly since Confederation.

1867
Soni kya!
. 1879
1879

Wigle, elected 11th January, 1875, and June Sth.
Essex—So), Whitep bye-election 1878, June 5th
Estox—W. D. Balfour.......:...

Essox—Sol. White
Essex—W. D. Balfour

 

  
  
  
    
  
 
  
     
  
  

February. 27th, 1883

Ecsex—Sol. White ... 5 December, 1886
Essex—W. D.. Balfour ou

Esséx—Sol. White «....2.0.. 5 June, 1890
Exsex—*Hon. W.. D. Balfour.

Essex—W, J. McKee...........- sen dhnasohc bo June

Essex—John A. Auld, bye-election O
Essox—J, A. Auld,

th Essex—W. Jo McKee, é- : March Ist, 1898
Esgex—J.. AW Auld. 2... .ce ce he ene eed cote ++
th Essex—Dr. J. O. Reaume.. May 29th, 1902

th Exssex—J. A. Auld....
Essex—Dr J. O, Reaur
Essex—Dr. ©. N. Anderson. .
Essex—Hon, J. O. Reaume..
Exsex—Dr. C. N. Anderson
Exsox—Hon, J. 0. Reaume~
Essex—-Lambert P. Wigle.
Essex—S, Duchatmo
Windsor—Major J.-C. Tolmie.

*Mr. Balfour died August, 1896.
: THE WESTERN DISTRICT SOUNCIL.

January 25th,

th Pas:

Tet -. June,
th 4
December 11th,

th

1
a June,

 

Pert

The firat meeting of the District Council of the Western District wag held
in the Court House, Town of Sandwich, on
pursuant to*the “Act to provide for the Bétter Internal Government of that
formerly constituted the Province ‘of Upper

Canada, by the establishment of Local Municipa} Authorities ‘therein.”

of

Rochester and Sandwich. \

ard,

Ac} 4 and 5 Vict. Cap, 10 went*into force Jdnuary 1st, 1842.

Essex:—Anderdon, + Colchester,

From Kent:—Camden, Chatham, Dover East and: West, Harwich, How-

Orford, Raleigh, Romney, Tilbury East, Tilbury West and Zone.
Krom Lambton:—Boganquet, Dawn, Moore and Enniskillen,

Sarnia, Sombra and Warwick.
The said District Council met from time to time in the Court House, | traced the outcroppings, and savy that
Sandwich, until thé close of the October segaion of 1849, This was the Inst, the gold-bearing led5e was virtually

yea:

r_of the District Council.

The Municipal Councti of the United Counties of Essex, Kent and Lamb-| would not be nec

1905

the= 14th day of February, 1842,

Renresenta-

tlvea Were present from the following Townships which comprised the County

Gosfield, Maidstone, Malden, Mersea,
} "oF

Plympton,

    

      
   
      
   
  
  
 

i

2, 1894 and folks,
1896

 

    
  
  
      
    
 

The .
Refractory

   
    
 
 

moeaaseaaaunse

 
 
   
 
   

‘eaaaaaaee

“What is to be done with that pre-
cious pair of fools up there is what I
can't figure out,” said Jim Barker,
blowing a cloud of smoke from his
stubby plpe. :

“We just can't do anything,” replied
Joe Timmins, sending a blue cloud over
to meet and mingle with that of Jim.
“Wo've tried to tell them that they’re
foolish, but you can't git anything Into
that woman's head, except that we are
oll a set of d——scoundrels, nnd try-
ing to chisel them ont of a rich mine,
I az plumb outdone with them, and yet
we can't let them go on thisaway. To-
Morrow will be New Year’s, and there
they are up there working like he
roes at something that will never pay.
I wish to goodness some of them smart
Alecks in the big colleges would find
some way of dealing with refractory
ore. Who in Halifax sent ‘em up there,
anyhow?”

“Oh, some one in Havilah. You see,
the chap, he's a lunger. Got sick {n
some of them high skyscrapers in Now
York, and they sent him and that slip
of a gal out here to rough it in the
mines, hoping that he'd get well—”

“Well, he's In pretty folr health just
now, as you'd know if you seen him
at work. But, they've sunk every dol-
Inr they had in that d—— old Key-
stone, She thought the stones were
so pretty! And. so they are, oll green
ns emeralds, and full of gold, that you
could cut out with a pocket knife,
but which will never pan out a‘dollar
to the hundred tons.”

“T told him and her, when they took
out the claim papers that it was bad
ore, but thoy knew so much better
than I did that I finnlly let them go
ahead. Well, they have their twenty-
stamp mill up and the first clean-up
will be made_to-morrow. They nore a
palr of fools, but they sare such en-
gaging fools—what will they do when
they find out?” sald the man who
kept the saloon.

At this moment a man who worked
for Ed. Ingram, the “fool,” came down’
the trail from the Keystone mine.

“Say, is they a doctor in this here
plnce? If they is, be {s wanted up to
the Keystone mighty quick. And,
Where's Annette? She's wanted, too.”

“Who's hurt? What's the matter,
anyway?” asked Jim,

“Matter? Mntter enough, I should
say. Here {fs this gal away from home
She's been workin’ herself
to death to help her fool husband spend
money on that- rotten old refractory
ore mine, ‘They clean up tomorrow
after the first nine’ weeks’ run, and

|sho's beenwbakin’ all day to have a
|New Year's festival for the boys—and

{908 and now, now—well.” ,

by Gosh, there won't. be six ounces,

“Wel—what?” asked the twent:

1911, men crowding arvand him. €

1914 ' now—that's what.”

“Well?” mocked ke, “what'd you ex-
fect? She's a-ntedin’ her mother just

“T be a mud’,” sald the old Indian
yoman who had come and the three
hastened up the trall. ee

The men looked at each other blank-
ly. They knew that this young couple

had gone into the mountain hoping
that the husband would grow strong.’

He did, but when Mury had discov-
ered the lead they forgot all but that,
Mary knew gold when she saw it and
here it 4vas, lying In the)hard quartz,
among the vivid greens of the arsenical
deposit, bright nnd- pure. She had
found a rich mine! Together they

éndless, and so placed that tunneling
ry, They took

<

ton met in the Court House, Sandwich, on the 28th of January, 1860. Repre- | some.of the richest specimens of thelr
sentatives were present from all the above mentioned municipalities in the | rock and wont, down to. Huvilah,. to

Gounty of Essex with the exception of, Tilbury West, which had b
to Kent until tho close of 1851. ‘ ‘ Nelehiba toon

yea

separated from the Union.
The Municipal Council of the United Counties of Essex and Lambton met ; ™°2S
in the Court-House, Sandwich, on the 27th day of Jantary, 1851.

con

r. The Inst session closed on the 11th day

23rd day of June, 1863. 7

 

 

= 5

  
   
  
  
    

| Women Should Take
4 Fe a tah
special care to keep free from headache, back=-
ache, ‘constipation, weakness and : depression.
For these recurring ailments and other condi-
tions peculiar to women, Beecham’s Pills are’a »
tested and effectual remedy, ‘They act gently »
_ and promptly on the stomach, liver and bowels,
“and exert atomic, strengthening effect onthe |
bodily functions, ‘These famous pills are purely. <j
vegetable, contain no: fiabiedastoung drag, and

produce ‘no disa ble after-effect
needed help and strength in
EEF ee

   
    
  
    
   
   
    
  
  
  
   

      
   
       
  
  
    
  
  
  
    
   

    
 
 
   

_ the world over, {
bas soehe's

This council was only in existence for one
of October, 1850. .Kent then

‘ This union )ted.
tinued for about two years and “a half, tho last session closing on tho

 
    
     

| record they Claim. Just for form they

went to afi nssiy office. The asgayer
looked at the beautifully-colored speci-
and then stummered and turned
Mary andi id were so young
ond go enthusinsUe it were ruthic&s
to destroy thelr joy. Mary awatched
him suspiciously. Why was he so azl-
tated? :

“Ah—er—have you cver heard of
| refractory ore?"he asked. “Thcré are
"inny kinds of gold-bearing quartz, but
some of it cannot be worked on ac
count of the nrsenic, And, 1 am ofrald
this ts that kindof rock. It Jooks so.”

“But look ot the gold,” suid> Mary,
her eyes flushing, and her checks red.

“7 know—I know, but {t wonld*eost
much more than {t Would bring to try-
to work your claim, Where ‘Is your
claim? Or pe BONER

Yhe two.amnteur miners looked" at
eoch other with quick suspicion, and
acithor replied, The poor nossayer
Wanted to warn them, but they were
sure he wanted to Ond out where the
claim was to rob them. They gathered

H | Up thelr specimens find departed,

They met o min who had a twenty-
étamp mill to sell, It had been a bad
venture, He set the young folks against
‘all the people at.Havilnh and Clear
Creek, and finnily seld them the mill,
The:people who would/hnve saved them

: " | from disaster now let them alone, and”
).} waited’ for tho entastroptie. It was

bound to come with the first cletin up.
* The mill was bought nnd laborfously-
hauled to the mine and set up. It

costa thousand dollars for every stump.
| before It was ready for work. Provyt-

 

 
 

     
  
  

  
  
  
 

-] opened again and Ed came bounding

| siderable, time.
| hurry,” replied tho snleslady.

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
 

wukeh up

imew the uselesguess of the worl, bat
they were paid to work and not to
give advice.

they shone. The big hopper was ready
filled with ore. The blankets had been

made ready. The little stream. of wa-
ter that was to mix with the pulverized
rock was waiting to begin its work.
The turbines below were filled with
water, and the quicksilver there, © All
was’ waiting for the signal, but the
Ingranis, had spent their last dollar,
Then, great’ machine began to’
move, the stamps to rise and fall with
thythmic re, ity, the broken rock
to fill the trough and the water to
flow. The Keystone mill was in full
operation. \ es

Winter had been abnormally open
and so for not a fiako of anow had
fallen tn the mountains. Only a few
Nght rains, and s0 It was that after
nine weeks of blind labor the first ren
knowledge of the value of the mine
would be known. The young people
up at the mine were happy, and felt
that thelr prospects were bright. The
joy of achievement was greater thin
onything else. They would know to-
morrow. The Now Year should see the
culmination of their toil and sacrifice,
and its recompense.

But fn her ignorance Mary had not
foreseen how much she was to “need
her mother” untll New Year's eve.

Finally one,of the men at the saloon
remarked: “The whole business won't
pan out an ounce. “They were in a
devil of a fix before, and now—well
I'm sorry for them.” ;

“So am I,” said Doc Stimson, “and
I'm sdrry_just thirty ounces.”

One of the othor men remarked to
the celling that he was sorry fifty
ounces. Finally ail present “chipped
in” nnd there was a gathering of near-
ly two hundred ounces of gold, some of
{t-In bottons, from the retorts, some
river dust, and some the. dull grains
from placers, f

Almost without a sound the crowd
started for thé Keystone with the gold
they had contributéd. The watchman
was so glad that he was not to be |
lynched for not having told the fool-~
ish children the truth that he was per-
fectly willing to enter the plot, which
wns to place all this gold Into the
turbine tub and allow Ingram to be-
leve it gold from his mine. The main
polnt now was to keep the fatal truth
from them. Later—well they would
see, So, they all sat down to’ walt
for daylight and possibly news from
the shack. They put a stone in the
gear of the turbine so that the motion
would not wash out the fine particles
of dust, as they could not gather with
the quicksilver and form amalgam on
nccdunt of the nullifying effects of the
arsenic. ty .

After a long and cold wait there was
a lusty wail, a sound never to be for-
gotten, and they listened breathlessly,
for-news from the doctor.

“It’s the finest boy {m Kern county,”
“said the doctor, just as the tardy sun
came over the mountain... One man

wanted to celebrate the day by lynch- |}

ing the man that sold the mill to the
innocents, but just then the door

to them saying: st,

“Say, boys, I've got a son. Will you

{ come In and see him} " will-

| ing but she mustn't §

glad you've come. Oh
Year.” ware

“Yes—Happy New- Year vorsaay
and. the boy In particular!” the men
shouted as théy followed Hd to the
shack, Ed continued: .

' “You'll all stay to ‘ast, for we
aré gothg to have
right away.”

“Just so—Just so,” said Jim, af
then with hushed steps they went ijmme
the little shack as though they were
treading on holy ground. The beauty
and grace of motherhood had fallen on
Mary and her smile was {neffable; Even
the mine was forgotten in her sweet

Joy. —

, i z

 

TRACTOR ON“A RUBBER FARM |

Machine on 20,000-Acre Sumatra
Plantation Does Work That Re-
5 quired Hundreds of Coolles.

The value of the tractor In expedit-
{ng farm work “has been recognized
In many ways, but o striking example
of its utility as applied to the culti-
vation of rubber has ‘been shown by
the employment of tractor on.n rub-
ber plantation of 20,000 acres in Su-
matrn, controlled by one of the largest
tire manufacturers in this country. In
former days, says a writer, it required
250 coolles’to plow three acres’a day,
but by utilizing a tractor 20 acres are
now plowed in that time,

At the time the tractor was pur
chased nbout 2,000. acres were produc-
ing rubber, and consignments from the
plantation are now coming to. the
American factory. or oem.
|. The development of the plantation

vag due-to the recognition by the com--|-

pany that it was necessary to protect
{ts rubber supply back to the tree. It
was of0,of the Jossons brought forel-
bly to the attentionof the commercial
world'due to the war that ‘without con?

trol of raw material supply back of

the source, In case of a disturtiance fn |

 

|market and transportation conditions,
business would be greatly. handicapped:

-! low Work. “
“How long before my, change will be
'here?’ she asked, after walting a con-

 

 
 

*“Oh, I didn't know you were in any -
“Didn't know I was in any hurry?
Well, Lilke that!” 6
““Why, no,” your huaband won't be
| sendy, to.

out

tas

to the

mine and a force of men engaged. They

The twenty stamps were polished till |

laid along the incline and the trough |)

 
 
  

      
    

e first clean-Giem

Leaves

      
    
   
    
   
 

‘for’some time yet. He's | —
ing to cyank up his car.”

  
   
   
   
     
       
       
     
    
      
 
  

  
  
  

Clean to fisntdler® all Drtige
aint Groéers and General Stores, ©

Canadian National ”
- Exhibition ~

Aug..26 TORONTO § Sept.7

 
  
   
   

 

   

        
      
   
     
        
     

300,000 admissions sold first
day of advance sale. Come

    
      
   
     

with the crowds to thegreat-
est Exposition in the 40 years’
history. of the C,N.£.

“The Heroes |.
of Britain”

        
    

 

    
       
      
     

 

   

A_ production of tremer-
douse force gnd_ beauty, y

   

 

   

with 1200 participants.

All che colorful parapher-
nalin of tomunce and his-

tory in the making. In-

spiring, dramatic ---a adit
spectucie every Canidian ‘
should sce.

MOVEMENT - LIFE
SPLENDOR

A Patriotic Thriltin ‘every scene

    
       
    

 

       

 

     

 

      
 

 

       

 

    
            
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
  
        

 

Giznt livestock and egricultural display— .
Government exhibits—demonstrations of zoca :
tional treining by 50 crippled herocss—tarmng
on factory lines: colossal exhibits of tebor
saving devices — Government patriotic tood
show — Creatoze’s world-tamed band — Allies’
exnibits of fine arts—AND A WORLD OF
OTHER SPECIAL” ATTRACTIONS.

Price of admission nS 25 cents

unchanged

Consuit your local agent regarding 2
railroad fares: “Lee z
: 2 4 Xe

 

PELER ISLAND ROUTE

   
     
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
   
  

\|

        
  

  
  

  

Lora FC,

——. >
ER. a

—" STEAM .
BEL?

‘ABLE, 1917

ft May 12th |

Fi t+} ing Time =

a MONDAY, TU SDAY end GATURDAY

Leaves West. Dock 00° a.m,

Scudien , 40 a.m,

eamingto 10.00 a.m,
0.46 a.m.

Lael

       
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
      

    

 
   

  

      
 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
 
 
   

Scudder DoeK;
West Dock, Pole
Sandusky
Nelisen's

Wont Dock
Scuddon,
Leamington
Kingsville

   

hr
Bs

Ht

  

Arri

 
  
 
   

 

Ch)
#8

Arrive’

bbettal dS
*Se0oms
escoooe

      
 
   
    
   
   
  
   
  
     
       
  
   
   
   

  
   
      

2
5

 

' WEDNESDAY asl i
Loaves West DOCK joy... 00+ m. ¥,

‘ dider ». cm, r
Arrive aberstbirg m.,

Hurl

: THURSDAY

Leaves Windsor .....
Amberstbirg
West Dock, Peleiy...;.

Fors Scudder and Shore Ports.
This time table subject to change with-
ous notice,

ee This Sea r
refuse passage to obje

indsor,

 
 
   

 

eserves the right to
preheat SCHED persons.
fa sspo je for goods not prop-
erly addressed and tagged. Pe
Address all commintemsions- to Windsor
and Peles Island Steamship Co.,. Limited,

Scudder P..O., Ontario. 5
Jy T W. A. BAKER,
£ ~ Master. Purser.

 

  
 
  
  
   
 

a

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

iI
\ Pp ctesL Embalmer, Murray St. 7

 

    

Amboerstburg. Day or Ene
Phone)

   

w

 

PERE MARQUETTE
BUFFALO DIVISION,
Eastern Standard Time.
1D. effect November

  

: Sy ee

‘10th, 1917,

  
     

 

 

     
     
    
 

   
 
 
  

Going Ben, Going
West. Wie SS East...
No. 7 ay ing

am.

9.65.°....... Blenheim ....

    

        

  
 
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
  

  
     
    
 
   
 
 
   
   
     

MO:25. 29. us. MORIN». ad
10.38... Coataworth ....
10.60. Wheatley ..
11.0). Leamington

    
  
    
    
  
     

Ruthven .....
« Kingsville .....
. Harrow ave ee

. Gedresor
‘Walkerville
. YOUNG,:

11:42......
‘Pp. m.

11202. ... 2...
12.25.

   
     
  

      
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   

 
 
 

. Fine variety and showing.
, Special price, per yard........... 20c

od Ls

 
  
 
  
  

 

IN THE WHITEWEAR DEPT.

  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 

  
  
  
 
  

 

CORSET COVERS, ranging PRINTS

. from 25c up to ene $1.00 sy

PETTICOATS, ranging In light grounds as well as q
from each 50c up to..... $2.25 navies and greys, per yard........ 29C

 
  

Mor closed, each asc to $1.00

* NIGHT GOWNS, many styles, -low
neck, buttoned front, lace or em-
broidery trimmed;’ ordinary size or

outsize;- from $2.50
Ord eee a a

PRINCESS SLIPS end ENVELOPE

fone ee SLD Ladies’ Bathing Suits

SALE OF HOUSE DRESSES—Sizes

from 24 to 47 bust measure, made In All Wool and Jerseys......... FROM $3.50 UP TO $7.00

from print, chambray, gingham or SEE OUR WINDOW

» Percales; prices from
ime star aetna  2, |

 
  
 
 

  

Too numerous to detafl are our: special
prices on Sheetings, Tickings, Cottonades
and Denims, Batts, Quiits, Comfortables,
Cretons, Towellings and Fancy Linens,

 
    

= Save your sewing and save money on these.

Our sizes are from 2 years to 10 years. All
kinds of material and size. We really have
hundreds of them.

From 35e Up to $1.75

  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 

      
 
  

 

!
{
4
t

   

  

 

   
   
   
  
   
     
      
   
 
   
  
    
  
      
    
    
     
      
   

        
 
 

  
 

      

 

Vyandotte Masons are holding | —Rose Lodge Oddfellows are plan-|
'

BIRTHS. *

 

   

 

   

  

‘ their big excursion to Bois Blanc to-|nig ona big moonlight. Pate tei * ly 26tb §
d Pi ick Att tion ! day (Friday.) | fim Wright arrived home Wed-|) "The wire ar de OW brow Mes
ampers all Ich ers, ell on e —F. A. Delisle was in Amherstburg | nesday after spending a month at his daughter. % a 5
@ ls part o week making ar-| grandfather's, {n°Goderich. * Brown Secees Right eB Hebden
= Se - - 4 fo move his family to} —W4llfam> Turner, agent. S. W. & OPPs: sexta : :
Getting meals and hunger-satisfying lunches is getting to Syracuse, N. Y | A. electric railwa;

F is helping out his | Burns—in Windsor, Wednesday, July 17
—Willam Weaver, of Woodslee, and | brother, Augustus Turner, on the farm

Mr. and Mrs. Harry Squire and fam-| {n Anderdon, this week. It having

of Highland Park, were week-end | been some time since he ‘worked
tore at J. B. Wilson's |“down on the farm,”* Bill's ald to
—Thé little M 6 Marion and] greater production (s riding the binder.

 

be aprablem. A visit to our store wil) solve the question.
Our Package Goods, Canned Goods, Fancy Biscuits, Pickles
Olives are the best, and in handy sizes for any requirement.

J.H-_LOVEGROVE Phone 8. Amherstburg, Ont.

1918,
Of a
Duput
1

  
   
 
 
  

ine wife of Mr. benton Bur:
dgurhter

Kochester,. Friday, July* 19th,
the wife of Mr. Dopuis, of a
ler.
4 Sandwich Sou:n, Thursday, July
th, 1915, the wife of Mr. Prange

    

Have you seen the big
import shipment of

WHITE WARE jwysr 1x

  
   
 
 
  
 
 
    
     
   
   
 
 
  
    
    
 
  
  
    
  
    
  
  

          

4
Ferry

  

 

 

 

Helen Grondin ar isiting at their —The local canning factory ts just Ferry, of a son.
GROCER SPEC/ALIST grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas| completing the largest pack of beans | Pox—in Gosfleld South, Thursday, July

 

25th, 1998, the wife of Mr. George
Fox, of a sgn,

Grondin—in Arferstoyurg, Thursday, July
25th, {015, the wife of Mr. Adalph

3
z +
- bd
% +
: :
+ +
S30 *
+ Cups, Saucers, Plates of all Sizes, t
Grondin, Of @ daUghter—[wrothy ta- YY t
Wing nin Essex, Wednesday, July @ith, a 4 Fruits, Seallops, Efe. af
cs
: :
t t
z +
+ of
= =
H =
Oe

McGuire, of Malden , it ever put up. The crop was a splen-
—The. Financial and © Missionary| did one, the quality being ahead of any
District meeting of the Methodist] former year. The tomato crop is
churches in Windsor District will be/ looking well, but it needs rain. If
Id at Wheatley on September 18th. 4 conditions are favorable for ripening,
Mrs, W. R. Cozeo and daughter] there will algo be an increased pack
r returned to Atr rstburg Wed-| of tomatoes this fall.

Canada Food Board License Number &—5431.
o . S 4%.

 
  
   

I Se at

  

i

 

e AX OUST +Mixs Anna May Pierce, of Detroit, |
TOWN AND COUNTY. | has been visiting her aunt, Mrs. A. U-
Gunn

 

    
   

> of a’ daughter.
Mrs. Andre

   

 

1918, the wife of Mr. Wm. Mansell, Also Children’s Sets te Enamel, Deep Plates apd

 

   

     
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 

 

     
 

  

  

   
 

     
 

     

 

 

    

 

       

    

  
  

            

  
   

        

     

 

 

 

 

 

     
                   
                

 

      

         

 
       

    

 

 
   

   
  

 

     

   
  
 
 

   

    
   

   

    
 

    
 
      
    
  
   
  

       
   
     
 
  
  
 

   
  

 
      
    

 

   

 

 

   
  

 

 

   
 
 

   

   
 
  

 

        
  
     

      

       
  

  
        
 

    
     
    
  
    

        
        

               

       
   

          

            

 

   
  
   

     
     

        
  
   

 
 
                
    
     

     
    

 

 

  

         

 

  
     

       

 
          
   
  
 

   

 

 

             

 

     
 

    
  
   
 
  

 

    

 

 
 

     

     

 

   
   
  

 

 

 

P. { I nesday, after a month's visit in a aes — car eae fest vasa Ta Malone ef id S Cc i ¢.
eee A £as@ steam furnace {js being Bay, ailer month WAStt JMS 1918, the wife of Mr. Hay S. Malott,
Past week with ter, "| installed in St. Jolin the Bapst'R. C. |cuse’ Mrs. Cosco's cousin, Miss Van, THE MARKETS. lee , ups and Saucers. Come in and see them.
sips areas EP cue ; urch dusen, retdrned with them Friday, August 2nd. ard Ae pes la eee ote 5
—Meox nOrge of B is “ = + eae chal ns 23rd, O18, 2} fe Mr. t >
re ” ee Nee Rare te | Mr. Hardy and Pred. Kennedy —While playing base bail on the Flour, No. 1, per bbl........., $14 90 Pearick, Of a daughter.
Botstord dairy“tarm. pane On of Leamington, spent Sun- ern rien erepiar = weak Corn Meal, per cwt 2 50 | Rely gia loateld’ South, the wife of Mr. e
ot and Mré Cc, | #t oods é Fran pes ay a a ~| Wheat, per bushel... 2 06 | Rivet—In ochester, Monday, July 2nd,
Sunday iol W. M. S. will meet in the| wrenched his right ankle so badly] Gat, 2 80 : 2 wife Of Mr. Israel Hivet, of h
a ‘Z | bs ent y chureh Thursday | that he has been faid op since. Corn in ear 1 00 tili- born r
~ ak” 4 3 -— r, $. Nufer an “nll. a = te = ~ She Kingavilte, Sunday, July 21st, .
‘cl afternoon, August 8th, at 3 o'clock. Mrs. Wm. S. Nufer and children.| pariey, per biahela.. ae aD ‘ : ie ordon Sher
oe = —Mrp. _McDougali, who has been | accompanied by Mrz. §. D. Sibley and] Hoge, ‘per cwt.. 18 a Sa cole asec ee 4 GROCERIES, CHINA and WALL PAPER.
“Brust poorly for some time, was takem to| Children, visited at Jos. B. Wilson’s Butter 44} Wbite—In Malden, Wednesday, July_¢ a5
- aon in | Hotel Dieu Tuesday for speéiul tréat-| Tuesday. Mr. Sibley is the engineer Eggs 43 [Bites oe wile Of Mr. George Wh Corner Murray and Bathurst Sts., Amherstburg. i
js mn ir Tae eres wifi seniet-Sol.. as Ot son, .
‘being fitted | ment whobullt the Portsmouth Semet-Sol Potatoes .. 1 25] Waldron—A1 Hotel Dieu, Saturday, July Canada Food Board License Number 8—7724, ts
grove “Old Leaf, Tobacco,”—1.will pay | vay plant Lard aan eat gts. 32 27th, 101%, the wife of Mr. Gordon] & - ave
aa seturned | the-price: for old lege tobacco tn any Columbia Grafonolas ranging from] Gy ions Derhubtel.....2. 22 1% Waldron (nee Miss Lottie Mosey) of RRR hee ineinintetetetetelelee ie fefeltetntetbb pag
8 med : 4 - rene chide te 8, pe sel wie aeelg son,
large or smal] quantities: J. J. Brault, | 09 to $ sielee vid’ on reasonat Hay) per stantig o. 25. Se, 12 G0} Zimmerman—tin Colchester North, Satur- : :
Phone 205, tarms i and hear our ful P} Red Clover ...... ‘ gay. duty 20th, aurs: ihe wile of Mr. 1 .
Mrs. Roy Taylor and son Louis, /of records at our new music store in] aysiye 15 00-20 a0 Se N a ae Ss ; ; 7
ave-.been 1 r peiBrucg: Block on Murray Street. J,| aypaip, °° 227" d A a THE STOR "4 tr :
Ne nd! wie: and<son Di have. bean with Mr. Tayldr at | tehBruce Alfaltas eee. snare 1600-180) E OF VALUE
ee Regen ‘i sdadie Syracuse, are now- visiting Mrs, Albert |J- Brault =< ——— ee 0 WARRIAGES. £ _ UES -
Bar we : Pe te nd. and Mrs. §.| Morris, at Boston ; Pe pa ay En ety ; LOST. Abibost Bhixag At the bride's home, Lon- oe a es
- ~ 3 exe <A ing of-the directrs of the ti.—10 * eneral feiowship; 1 = Se i tt) salurday, July 20th, lors, by e MA
‘Allen 2 I ‘ ues. ect : . - 2 ona . A LO8T—earl and “pai brooch. ~Netum d. Laverie, Mp. Sidney Ab + . d C { th i 4
“io Mr, and Mrs. Franklin, Hough and 44. & M. Agricoltural Socusty {3 A, Sey wet acaahe ts and Tefep-| to Ech OMice and receive reward: eld South, to iiss Lite Conat ompanion or e 5 A
family leave ‘on a motor trip to To- | Ciiled for this (Friday) eventng in ule | thon members; 12 noon, church| ~rogy—, set of teeth around Fox of Mr. Chivas, of Londgn. ' + oi
amy ; . i‘ eave points, | Council chambe at 9 o'clock. achoc § p.m., subject: “A Sum in @y stable. Finder Wat ESKIAS F . i Meloche-—At St. Jub the Bap- eye ou
SOpiC OTL Oe, An. Saat ern) DOS on repair all kinds of talking ma-| Addit LOBT—N diamond aud pear) pin.? will Has Ue Soe Ambersburs, Mon Warm Weather ae st
meee, See day evening, August|Dines, sewing Machines, pianos and | Pledging themsélves- not to handle MBN ous COE ee a On AREA a ANIC Ree eee ead Destine fonear 4 2 * =
aeate eal gntial or “wataeweritn organs, and guarantee the work, Our|German-made goods until 10 years eae EL Mr. Murce! Deslippe, of Malden, * te i: % \ oY
16th, Pee ee 1} we church. Par-|©4rges are reasonable. J, J. Brayjt..’| after the war, retail merchants of cowie Oe Hed ane Miss Alma, daughter of Mr. Felix Mee ae : mil
Nets fos been ic * oe Amherstburg bowlers éuterta{ned | Windsor dnd vicinity have started an at hake te. NIAMES “CRAIG. 123 ane shea” Te AC Hake Halt enuren, De- ¢
OE The cal between Joseph Merri-|*WO rinks from Comber, ‘afternoon and | 4ntlGerman trade campaign among} moiin | Walleye. “i it, Min, on “Saturday, "July 20th, : : : a
Bae “ies: - ga. oe a evening games, Thuyaday of last week, | business men of Ontario. | O8T. mlav, between the : by Nev. Fro Ménigan, Mr. Mieh- ¢ Ci
feild and Thomas ae: for epee front The visitors wot one and Jost one. ‘A | A real treat for the people of Am-| Canaan oat and Windsgr, an auto tire Shea, to siias A era BOXES, del
roparty, reportec WEEK, Was put oe i 4 . \ A ae aoe . if 4 casing mounte on red w |. Find- Annie Boxall, of Am- :
ti 1 by Wise Sullivan : nu Of ladies accompanied the|heratburg—a Trip to Foreign Coun- leave leave al 0 érland Garag Wind. etburg, both “of. Detroit. 4 £ 3
ede ee ae cago; | Party. Peo jtries, the latter’part of August. under| « notify MEDONSLD. & SON'S Garage, a derbyshire —In | Ane Wheatley ae A , aD
= and - =i, OL S-DICAZO; P In + Pa management of the Parish Guild] Harrow modist churth, Wednesday, July i - -
Mrs. Thomus Kelly. Joe Kelly and{. arm ahd Morris Pianos, the re bate 4 ree Fch Round oP een —————_—_—_—«“sXs_ 241, “18, by Rev. B.A. Fear, Miss sid
Mine Dairy Koliy, of .xndsor, spent | able New Williams Sewing Machines, |of Christchurch. | Dp NTE. Ethel Derbyenire to Mr. Clayton Simp of “ Fr
Thursday z=84-" Woods" musical instruments of 41! xinds; also | wil be on sale by the ladles E pee” Se son, both of Wheatley. of Ge
a tigee” 3 Trimble “ind Ed. J. Deje$4.{9W used-organs as good as newsfor| Volunteering four years ago fo ent miller. AppIY to —$—$—$—$ $$ a
r Whe = = a ag n 3 ’, a 5 5 s »
fe on nda ing for |#2!¢ cheap “and on easy ‘terms, J. J.|5erv4 a3 chaplain” wlth Canadian pi aan aad gb DEATHS. * 4 °
Ate pera two Meelis fp | Praule jforces in France, Rey.” si W. qian by jtho Monin, | anders a—In Ayr, Saturday, July 27th HEI FORA , pad b
war i ae ¥ ee aagrs 4. J. Burns, J. H. Sutton, Ray | Hoon pre aa gree appointed NEAU, Auld P, O. Phone 1958, Meda, daughter of Mr. “Robert ML,
. r or ioca) rena Ryan and P. A‘ Barron left by. D, & B, | Pastor of Sandwich Methodist church, » formeriye of Tilbury West;
—Wa 2 : badges have been - ae “ ¥ Di sal | a: ¥ ¢ Abana ears 4 rs
wiped oo Rawilone Tiibaee A. w,| boat_from Detroit on Sunday night | “i n AT oie rite to aah for wi ah tS ma ater By +2 che South, Saturday - Our Stock IS now complete in American, English
at: ae “ryer, Windsor; J.|%?Buffalo. ‘There on Monday they |Guty until Mondzy—the eve of his WILLIAM. WALDRON Norte ON. 1 Mrs, Solomon Balt- ; c * . .
rye < F b fe LLIAM WALDRON, XN Malden P, . 3, Splomo:
McTon — G staid on gameests q Participated in the International Bowl-|™4triage to.a Toronto young woman.| phone 115-111. "ae pee Een, in the szoth year oF her ake. and Canadian Straws, wide brim, medium brim and
McTomeny, ae oa Be ing! Tournament, 5 VRev, Mr. Hann, when the official mes-| — WANTED— -}; A Pony with hi i Mes ? ua D Lied ane narrow brim.’ Sat
; ‘—Lilest: Albert Morris, of Boston, |!"& Tou Hydro-Electric’ Commission from the Militia Department was| cart andsadaia: must be quiet Und. need (ind Wakao Set Le ' *
Pes Pook of American Shipping un- Fonointo “tt Hinch local man-| Pushed into hiswhand telling him to] to children. Give particulars. Address | 7... Ande Wellnesday, July f a .
the Gove ent, was a est over has appointed Albert Hinch Joc 41 man- |? in ng him to Pony”. Boho Omics Lucle In | Anderd6n, Wellnesday, July 7
# Sunday a nie brother in awa W, H. | A8¢F ofits Amheretburg interests, and | tPort SDERAS. pewenaet } ee ned ~ WANTEO—i ‘erience secand-claza pro- moud Tuolkniaeedal your oy cree: * 7 Pee ;
Janew J Mraw A. M. Alkman ycollector-of the muking arrangements to purchawe®fur-|'teasinqnl Prot stant tkacher for S$: 4. No. | Powell—In Colchester © Soult, Thursday A full line of English, American and Cana ian soft
‘ I Kenned of | Monthly light accounts, She will main- |"! for his new 1@ in Sandwith.| 6, Coirheste siuth, Essex County; nicely July 25th, 1018, Annie, daughter of -
Téa oe in i Mr *D. x. Cal tain’ her office Inithe Hough bjock He left for Toronto Tuesday. ‘ emer ns : "Tl ‘ rifle orien = alae Li SESSA SEVEN MENG IE CyOR, and fedora hats, new shapes. Prices lower an any-
eamington ; r. and Mre ke . Cal- Dok ta kia sh gee— ano —Three aind Rapids dail aw ge | Lee OWT. i iF HOUSG.  Clgse Dy, | ——
: . - rode suckham, wife and son Don- | 4 b apids dally News-| tuties 1 on {ter vacation. § i
aus and pee Perr ps. je ald, -of? Detroit, ¢pent the week-end | P® have announced increases if ary 8750, cand q eationa: and wae CARD OF THANKS. where. Come and get first choice.
“ao beta Ed Ww id aoe 6 | at E, 2 Pat{on’s, “Mr Luckham has ! eee eR Ces, effective at once, | opnlals Te NEP ER MCCORMICK, Sec'y,| Wa apaire to Xpress our sincere thanks .
day at Ed OCers ate ythe | Peaigneéd as auditor of the Detroit Ath-| T2@ News, announcing the increase tbs. fd: to all those to whom” we are much indebt- (5 ‘ :
—The re wis quite a rush o/pey ass letic Club to take the pofitiontor as om 4 tot a year delivered, aati: : ed for many kindnésses during: ihe iness fe . *
first instalment of taxes hefore the - . “There | oth ronew | ha vie of Mrs. Kaltzer id im our bereavement. "
Sof 8’ nd Collector Ps sintant-treasurer of the Detroft Shel} |, *2ere 18 nothing new jn the réason ; » Baltzer and family:
Imporition OPO S,, a0 ate Companys ; for this advance, Costs continue to { Colehester Shuty July dist, 1918, . ‘fa Cc f
Rieete TERS E Bit eet 2h. a —Dorothy,ahe five-year-old daughter | in rease and the’ materials entering | 5 ‘
ae 1 Be rirdad - ved jet | Of Mr. and Mrs, H. F. Hammond, Gore |!9t0 the manufatture of newspapers
-—P ania sort recélvod a jet 7 J _

 

Auction Sarre
=r) os

Household Effects

    
 

 

jare Ow over 100 a h a }

ns a ; strect, lost’ the, big toe and the one | Fé Now over 100 por cent igher than

ler this week from his fon Joseph, of next it.in a, lawn. mower, Friday night. “¢y were two years ago. Newspapers

Pittsbur announcing that he had The little girl suffered a good deal of | 24% always sold their product for

been quite ill. M¥. Bertrand, through - =i he tb Jess than the cost of Cetra

ar FER = bl , pain, but jsidoing as well as can be} /® 9 manufacture.

fechleAsae, Was unable to go south ‘to expotted Even with this increase the cost of

6¢0 his #on. aye | ‘om lor printing end delvering your daily

—" rvice of Holy’ Communion } _ y

—Mrs. Ralph Sloan and at Christ chursh sunday at 11 aw paper to your door is far in excess a Board, ORE antman SHE Renae
are spending the week With her par- > boing the aS mene virat you pay for jt." Stiftco Board, and *Neponset ors yO

ents, Mr. and Mrs, H. Y. Pickering. pe dlabrred oe ae —The Board of Health rutes are be-|] Wall -Board, Brantford Asphalt BAT ORD AY, AUQURT Rees: S818

Prof. Sloan is @irecting the music atl remembrance suudbys i * ‘ ing broken by bathers who are using|| Slates, *&c, Roofing, Shingles, || The followink Mousenola Emects, Furni-

a.two-months’ Chataujua at Lakeg{de, | * ~ ena’ AG09] AL) ++

he ?:¥er frort Loot of Gore gtreet. Of-| | Battens, Mouldingd, Flooring, Sash, pean eu Seren eee ese Abe rac
Ohto, and expects to: come to Amherst. | = Tia

a ee vanine servi z , - new snd present an opportunity of | .s,'

10 ani, No Sidpday evening service | ficlals draw the Tine at “Saptembért,;00°88, Sereen Doors, &c, os fe-time 9 fefurnish your . house at

Dury at the end of the week for a brieg | uring August. } ficial j at Sspt be ; 4 . :
A. M. AIKMAN.

writ —County Treasurer John F. Millen | ore ae ue ee Sipe red SED DRGaEe cat me-door, fgwo-door, 3
: ae ; into | ind Good Rouds Supt. Ws H. Knister | ¥I#? the donning ,of regulation sults|{/ 0.4 Floor Hough Block 4 fibrary Table—Pumed oak;
- —Sunday afternoon developed into! ® ae 4. and bathing further down the atredm une 2nd Floor Hough’ Bloc! 1 Morria.Chair; 3 Fumed Oak Rockers—

a red-hot day, but-grew cooler towards | tered throughsthis district Mohday This-prohibition. opens up’ th ‘Sia ather’seats: 1 Fumed Oak Waste Paper
évening. Nearly ten thousand peopla|02 | -tour of inspection over tite natl f ee Phe pole Basket; 1 Fumed Oak Smoking Stand; 1
chlapedo’ olde Blade ana ie required | County"Road system. Mr.’Knister fn} TUCAt on of providing a convenient i

LAMPS, SHADES, IRONS, TOAST-
ERS, PERCOLATORS, &c.

Builders’ Supplies

Beaver Board, Bishopric Lath and

  

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO. :

 

     
 
  
   
     
  
    
    
    

   
  

    

 

 

           

There will be sold at Public Auction at
the Cajdwell Residence, Sahdwich Street,

       
   
    

      
       
   
   
   
     
    
  
  
  

 

    
     
     

 

      
   

 

    

 

 

  

|

   
  
     
    
  

   
  
  

  
  

 

   
    

   
 
   

  
 
  

 
  
   
 
   

    
 
 

    

    
    
  
      
    
     
    
    
 
 
   
    
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

   
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  

   
    
  

 
  
 
  
    
   
    
     
 
 
     
   
  
  
  
     
  
   
   
  
 
 
 

    
   
   

      
    
   
  
   
  
 
   
     

 
 
         

Round Table—Hardwood: 2 Folding
y -reg: sire: place for town children to swim, under , rd Tables——4 felt top; 1 Wioker Rock
the services of an extra boat to take |™Pldly regaining strength afters | oroper a0 ek With b e 4 Wicker Chair; 2 5 Rockers—ha)
dergo {Pp D Ith such an ex, e i
a i load } * It wos 10.30 that |}2S2S0/ng an operation at Chatham ’ . wood; 1 small Table—marble to Music
4 the last loa home a8 a General hospital for appendi¢itia tent of water front’ as Amherstburg ve Cabinet—mahogany; 1 Fumed oak Child's
~evening before the inland was cleared, —Clark & Atkin, auctioneers, wil} | 28% Jt shouldn't ‘be necessary’ for Am- : i z Chair; 1 Gramaphone and Record Cabinet.
Sage at. temperature was given) oduct the biggest furniture’ sale) Uerstbure boys ami girls to sneak Y | Stand: 1 Brass dardiulenest7 Pictures
out a6 92 degrees. a ever held. in the Town of Amherst. | #1008 the shore looking for a piace to oo! some ‘oll painupgs: 3 Mirrors—1 walnut
~ —Inyestigation shows that the bor-) burg, on, Saturday afternoon Auguat |SW!m where they will not be molest: TES ; frame; { Dining Table: 6-Dining Chairs; 4
i Juri east . 5% ed. Some day, some ono will interest - Buffet; 4 Ching Cabinet; 1 Axminister Rug;
der municipalites have received during | 3rd“ag she Caldwell house, Bandwich | hinselt in this ques 4 White Enamel. tron’ Reds—{ a Child's
the'firat-half of the year approximately | sireet, ‘The household effects are tue ) 2 782 im this question and bring it 4 rd a Ded; {+ Brass Bed; 1 3 hogany Bed; 2
- 131,000 more tons of coal than In the |property of F. 9A. Delisle late Supt. | ¢® °2 Jesue. <— Dressers—{ birdseye maple, 1 white
a . J: A, {ale, la up! —Offer of tha sale of a 356. . nam 1 Dressing Table and Chair—
+ coFresponding six months of last year, | Brunner, Mond, who haa gone to Syra | 5 G 16 sale of a 355-atre park ; birdseye maple; 3 Chitfonieres—1 birdseye
and as this Indicates hoarding Of coal | cuge, and are all practically new, See | 6 On Gronse Isle to the city of De- ‘ maple, 1 white enamel, 1 mabogany: 4
by householders in Windsor and | fist in this issue of The Echo, | troit was made to. Mdyor Marx Wed- Zavg? Bedroom Nocker—birdseyve 2 ted.
Walkerville, an investigation may be} —Only brown sugar may be gold in | 2¢89aY by John M. Welch, reai estate : Me eaee ae ot bird
orderad. Detroft until further notice. County | P@rator. The mayor inspected the , 4 Mattresses—t pairs
Mrs. William H, Elliott, widow of] Food Administrator Heineman ieaned | P°Oberty with Park  Corimissioner Pillows and Bedding: 15 pairs re
Mrs ar . b , y "man *asued | Dust, but, will maxe no recommenda- Stoves and Stoveboards; several jengths of . x - . Mg Gat Se
one of Detroit's former merchant] thf» order Tuesaday, The regulation tion for purchase at this ti Th Stovepipe: | Box Stove—small; 4 Steel | :
princes, died in that city Saturday.| includes retailora and wholesalers. ¥ bl S Nange—McClary’s; 4. Ol Heater; 4 Sewing AD: AND I
" . The reaso , property is in about the center of the Machine (Singer); - 4 Kitchen “Cabinet ( , oe
Mra. Elliott was a daughter of the Jate reasons for the order are that a sland and directly o; {to Trento (Unique Canadian}: 1 Washing Marhing 3 “ |S Ge 2 ;
Dr..Wm. H. Hogarth, for many years| large amount of brown sugar remains {pik a deiatayh oc Fore ee, Saar (Brighton): 4 Firsiess Cooker: 2 Kitchen, WE HAVE IN STOoOK:
pastor of the Jefferson avenue Pres-|on hand despite the campaign 0 | -jyer extending back 0 Th an “4g Tables; 4 Kitchen Chairs; 1 Nefrigorator: Te Ci
byterian: church, Detroit. She will be|get rid of it before August, and the |f%°™ ng back to the Thorough-

    
   
   
  
   
  
     
  
   
 

i } Pins Colored Cotton’
1 Bloyel 1 een Sweeper Ty
(are, @ stream -bisecting the {sle. It eh : aie

‘ . Men's *
4 nag lRonrd; 4 ier (copper); 4. Gale Baraty” ae (large and palored Suk Thread * Gtilaren's “Side Garters
{# Part farm_and part woods, contain- {anized Iron Wash Tub; 2 ’ 08

ry meeaad, Particularly in church | fact that the order will place all deal- olding Clothes ome Fastenors

* and charitable circles, where she de-| ers oh an equal footing,

    
    

    
  
  

         
     

     
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
  

     
 

       

  
     
    

      
  
   

    
   

     
   
   
 

 
 
  
   
 
 

  

Lac ae
. Needles and Thimnbies Hooks and Byes  ~ Ladies’ , Colars.
yvoted much of her time and energies | —Mrg. Lovegrove: received a brig |Ji% T!ling Jand suitable for park de- ‘ : ine acteraicn Pee: adie m1 nelad . Pra ae ting Noodles Bone Hair Plas totter, ¢ sean silk.
©,~ until f-health compelled her to re-| letter from her son, Pte, Fred Leu Ce etal he ee h coerr : of mi a. incest Chae eee Inciudon several Hair Fins Haretion’ Oinguene
~-Ymqguish part of the active work con-| grove, this week. He apo or Sate Cornelius _Vanddry ‘ of | things,” Sill : ; 1 Buttons Embroidery Cotton Prints... *
: Pamead with these endeayors.. Mr. El-| its sbrevity pes the ernie pata wit pe 2 A ae is} of) Sale starts a gclock, P.M. sharp. ©" Sen a one ae ory Flannetottes, | etc.
Hott began his morcantile career in} could only. borrow one sheet of note |$liz- ‘ : Dr abe y Df 10. 1he | CLANK & ATMING Hing PHILLIPS, Cull Buttons ‘Velvet: Ribbons iSpteensen os
Amherstburg. When residents of the} paper at Wimereaux hospital, where | tract. ra - * f ; is hav- | Auctioneers, ©” Proprietor r We and White Cotton| Belting—Miack & NW whito
_ town they lived in the place now own-| ho is still confined from recent wounds |. —Pestered by ig Ads On oF about "So AE Fees = Darning Wouters Shite hia ‘Leather belts |
ed and occupied by W. 8. Falls. | He received a shrapnel bullet ip his |!#boring under the d na i red to ; : , 7 2 = ope pamty

A vary enjoyable party~for nearly | !eft ip, but fortunately the bone was |Precure a ‘supply of thelr . favorite

two dozen old ladies was given at the brig and he will soon be in siip-|'auor from the error gesdcrs

: Auction Sate.
iis. Goveraniie Executo rth f Hou: hold Fi re
1 ‘ ; E recently a ¢ \ 1 old. iu
6 of Mr. and Mrs. fie spent inal, Plast repaint! simply celia fa: lr ames and adresse Je x dusee id Furniture
» ageregatod~nearly 1200] —Some one tn Amherstburg receiv. | 1¥ physician they are “MI,” doctors if cr ;
eldest being 92, Music and ea considered an authorate. may ask the Ontario
: |from Col, W._T. Grogory, ‘Leaming:

  
     
   
  
