THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE COUN’

 

CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000
A General Banking Business Transacted

98 Branches fn Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

» Interest allowed at highest éurrent rate

R. B. SAMUEL, Manager,
Kingaville Branch.

W. S. FALLS. Manager,
Amherstburg Branch,

hn LL a
__MISSSULLIVAN'S REALESTATE AGENCY __FOR SALE

Phone 208, Amherstburg. Advertisements in classified column one

Sy ees cont No charge less than 260.
FOR SALE—A new modern cement block Ptisomente, 18 word ce andes

jouse on river front, 3 acres of ground.| 3 ¢ Oo.

MISS MN. SULLIVAN FOR BALE—ood w

FOR GALE—A few modern. house on| old; cheap, MRS, M,
river front with all modern improvements, | dn. — =
-MISS_M. SULLIVAN, | _ FOR SALE—Oyal 4} 5
~ FOR SALE—Large house in town: frat- » seed corm. Apply
class repair; all modern — conveniehe NAG Anderdon, 2,
cheap. Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amherst:| FOR SALE—A cow and two hea
bu Phone 206, young cattle.* Apply to GEO.

BC A

FOR SALE—Al) kinds of 50 and 100- | RIEC p ae
Acre farts jn Anderdon, Malden and Col- | “FOR Edison Phonograph and
chester South;?good bargaiis, M. SULLI-) twenty-nine 50 t re 8, for 815, MAS
VAN. Phon 06, Amherstburg, [RRS MUFARLAND,. Fort Street, Amberst
burs.

~ FOR SALE—Two storey frame bouse|DUrs ah Se
with modern Improvements; large lot. Alsé| FOR BALE—OCjaie Shorthorn bu
B New-Car, Just used twice Parties leav- | 6 months, red inolor, well grown.
ing town. A bargain. apply MISS SULLI- AES: R. Ny No.4,

Ot4-12,

VA ae
YA farm on Sth Gon, FOR 8ALE—Jritiell Bros. pia
FOR SA farm on With $2 rolls, stools and dray :

of Malden, black Joamjand, with a house |W 3 1" 5
game; also a good orchard. |Jy now? A bargain. — Apply at GRORGE
and stable on same: also a gou MARRS, Sandwich. Street, Amborstburg,

Will be sold cheap. Apply MISS MANY |) MANN Ar :
FOR SALE—Or to Rent—Thie very ¢

on oa - Tin With’ Rood {sirable “Mendles”. residen Dali
“BALE—25-acre farm with 0d | sirable jenzies” residence on Dalhor
horses ic Jarge barn, also, other good eats ee

ri > | terms apply to 4
buildings, About two milesfrom town; : Hu i

5 church. ...Prige Teasonable.
near school and chure Jrigeo Dold

SR BAEC “ani FOR SALE CHEAP—? inp. engine ball-
O just 25, - engine =
FOR SALE room house and lot, Jus jer, shafting and pulleys; some Inree: wood

: oot frontage, runs to
Cornet spank 340 feet deep. Owner | stoves; a Jot of shutterd-and 2” pair in-
ting, ‘wants to sell, Apply MISS M, | side shutters, Odds. and ends of dressed
leaving, 1 OK Jurbber. and mouldings; work tables, The
SULLIVAN. 4, . PANK ESTATE, Lumbor “Yard, Am-
herstburg.

FOR SALE—8\)- Ache farm in heart of the
Malden corn belt, &th Con.; good housdé and
gutbulldings of all “kinds Wolb drained.
Six. acres orchard. Good. all round
farm, Immediate possession. For terms,
eles y 10 JOHN MARONTATE, on the
prev . North Malden Ped.

FOR SALE—Thiree very ctioice
be Sold quick: § Neel the money
420150 efent; B12 a foot, E
Street, opposite Pare. Wilke five 1
Wanting the Wires lots’ a barikain. Also ten
Op twelve breeding owes. Make mo an
oor. St, BERTRAND, Amherstburg.
Phone 19, 1 ‘ a
: FOR SALE—Farm of 167 acres for Salo
oF exehanga Part Of Lots {5 and 16 in
nd ‘Concexsion, Colchestér South; two
houses on. uid mieawith basement?
artesian well? windnilll; one spring well;
conn tern of sbft ; rood barhs:
on foundation tob o barn: wood
ahd bugky hou wir fen appl
pears, peaches. Ih fruits; school” clos
by, two and If miles east of. Har
rov Haigow, Ont

arm of 400 acres iy whe

South; centre of the corn

wel built up, all bulld-

Or repair; 214 miles
from the lake

Ss under cul

; balance in pas;

 

4.G,
Amberstburg. Phone

m Pike, With double
parlor, 3 bedrooms, dinjag room, “kitchen
and coal shed; all modern improvements,
also nice garden. Will be sold reasonable,

. SULL N

 

e lotion North

143 ‘Teet deep
erdrained, young frult and shade
wil be. sold reasonable. Apply: M
SULLIV Amherstburg, Phone Lee
fdence on Daabousie aa
4 wn, 00 feetefrontage by t)
Ther quest Trine 3 bed rooms, double
ariors, dining-room, kitchen, = One of the
ast locations tn town; facing river front,
Apply MARY SULLIV Fort Street, Dox
39,* Phone 206.5
FOR. SALE—One of the best
tinsetoncine Sth Concession of Anderdon.
Best of soil, wel fegced, well drained,
Some of the falb plowing done; new Dun:
galow, also garake, bam and grainory; nd
lotation, Owner gomg away, Nea rschool,
Possession can be had at once. For pars
Ueulars spply to MARY SULLIV AN}. ‘ort
St, Amlierstburg. FP. 0, Box 35, “Phone
206,

alr an
trees,
M.

10 Colenbs
and tobacco. belt:
ings In good state
from Harrow,

mile from

tion; pearly all le dra
ture qin Nowing well. Suitable for good

 

NT—Store in Hadley Block; Am-
Renbnere Jatély occupied by Halsey Park,
Immediate possession. Apply to W. A.

HADLEY, Chatham, stock farm. Possession by March {st,

¢ = " ie . “rms apply to
a © and acre of lind. 1910. For particulars and terms: apply

Spe Teen PReacticaly new home, 5000) GEONGE EED mn the pi hy it. No.
woll, half a mile from Brunn Mond. Narrow Phong : :

Cheap, t0 right party. apply tc FOR GALE—Ctu-acré farin, Bin” Concex

St) W., Windsor, or 10) MI : Malden? all newly built and ted

don. St. W., bah Ma

VAN, Amherstburg. soll (8 gray nly loam; "best of 40

= = bat and, In first-class shape,

114 -storey ouse with kitchen,

Harn, 34’. 50'x16 . hipargor sconblg

corn ‘eri With dri ay eI OUsEY <

age and pumprwhou and Nor pon; water,

the very best.piped to house and Dam; Wh.

FOUND—On 2nd Con, Anderdon, South | barrel claterme a4 mile to: Public senool;

, "a mi {o. church on good gravel road,
chat i an ene “WILL AM ae COUNTESS, North Malden P, 0,

apo lstotetedesbeebobel beet

 

 

UND—Hish boat, Nat bottom, squar
Bee RaW CORNWALL, I. K. No, 3
Harrow.

 

 

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO

 

 

WANTED—Tinamith at once.
apply BRUINNER, OND, CAN-
ADA, Ltd., Amherstburg, @nt:.

Kor 1
“pply at The Echt

terms | :
FOR SALE—iirood ma
fonl fo €."Forman's horse,
old My by her side,
row, Phone 43,
FOR SALE—Gould, Shapicy & Muir gas-
oline enging, 3 1% hup., pump Jack, grinder
and saw outmt, Good. as new. Ch
E. McDONALD, Harrow,
FOR SALE—A Stock of atraw at New
naan; can be moved or fed on the place.
some timothy hay, JONN DONNELLY,
, Amherstburr.

iorthorn cattie
worth’ swine, both Sexes, all
Stock, HERBERT ARRIS, KR.
Amherstburg, Phone a0

FOR BALE—A sini pe tabi -- ante and 8
years-old; “sduini nd in Kood condition.
Can ‘be bought on tin
RICH) N, Park

1 farm of 95 res
fairly good building:
rally” jocated, 100 roda
ly in Station; good gravel
road. Also modern house in rsiburg.
WU! bo sold on easy terms. pply JOHN
DON: LY, Park Street, Amberstbur

WANTED.

WANTED—Gjr) for general housework,
Must be good plain «oak, Apply MRS. G.
S.. RUTHERFORD, river front, Atmherst-

Phone
i ible man v
through the winter.
will be paid. Address HAR
if Ont, Phone 65-3.
TED—A Sy to 100-acre_ farm In
Anferdon, Malden or Sandwich West. Ap-

py HOME REAL ESTATE Co,, Labelle
ullding, Corner Ouellette and London St.

Also. & months
WM. HUGHSON, Har-

 

! Tam-
registered
R. No. 9;

 

 

LOST—On Pike Road n town. a pair
Of auto chains. Finder Please return to
ALNENT ARNER, Phone 616-3-2.

black muff was Jef in’ Bert-
raid -& French's meat market Gast week,
Doser can get it there on paying for this
RG oc

tost—in Amberstiurg, Saturday even>
ing, on Murray up Dalhousie Streels,. a

crank fof a McLaughlin) Four car. Leave at
Echo OMce,

ELECTRIC HEATERS from. $7.00 up

Fixtures, Shades, Percolators, Flash-
ghts, Guest Candles, Toatsters, Sock,
els, ete,

Orders for
prompwy Miled,

;. Brantford Asphalt
Shingles in

,, Beaver Board,
Stuceo Board,

Now is the time to place your or-
ders for Storm Sash and ‘Doors.

A. M. AIKMAN
Phone © 2nd Floor Hougli Blook

BUILDERS’ SUPPLIES

Slab  Siates—4
76 per square

Bishopric Lath, and

$100.00 each is offered for the
recovery of the bodies of Har-
old Holwedel and Albert Wolan,
lost from, the yacht Gracie! II,
of Detroit, in Lake Erie, These
bodies will Iikely comé ashore
between Bar Point and Point:
Pelee, and will be easily identi-
fied from registration cards and
yother papers in clothing, Noti-
+ fy OTTO HOLWEDEL, Tele-
+ prone Hickory 3665W, Dotroit,

+
+

Mich,

Pho, PER Pee

44

i

i
i

7servers whichh

| ot the bodiess and thia

AT BRUNNER, MOND

During the past week the Brunner,
Mond was honored by a visit from the
following men from Japan: L. Kanda,
Secretary to the Governor-General of
Chosen, Japan; Mototaro Matsui,
Speeial Investigator of the Japanese
Government for salt and {ts allied in-
dustries jn Canada and the United
States, and S. Nakahara, of the Mit-
subislia Company, Japanese merchants,
of New York City, who acted as inter-
preter for the former two gentlemen.
These men were greatly impressed
with the institution, and were gentle-
men of great ability and education.

i a

8. A. DRIVE.

eting of special interest was
ned in the Imperial»Ban!: Nonday
eveyiing- when members of the late
Victory Loan Committe> in Ambherst-
burg sathered and heard some very
interesting facts accomplished by the
Salvation. Army in connection with
the war. Harry Neul-und To J.
Conni®ll, of Windsor, explained this
work 4nd outlincd the plans , which
the A\rmy Is laying to? nseist the sol-
diers' A8_they return tO Canada. This
meetinj® Was the opening gun in the
Salvation Army drive, which is the
first public appeal the organization
has miAde for money for war work.
The comcensus Of opinion at the meet-
ing was that the county should make
a voory substantial grant to the cause,
and! climinate a local canvass. :

28 me ‘

LAKE TRAGEDY DETAILS.

The finding of the drowned body of
Mris. Otto Holwedel on the shore at
W.. G. Baldwin's point, Colchester, on
Tuesday of last week, created wide
sprvead interest. The remains on be-
ing: identified, were removed to De-
trojit Thursday for burial. Mr. Hol-
wedle] and friends immediately there-
aftier took up a search for the bodies
of ihis son Harold and the friend, Al-
bertt Wolan, who were on the Iaunch
Garccell II with Mrs, Holwedel when
{t ffoundered. The story of their trip
Is graddually unfolding. They ran down
the riyeer the Saturday*before, pulling
in at ‘Boris Blane dock, where they
lay for .seeveral hours, owing to the
stiff breeze¢ blowing. They were ad-
vised by Héerbert Courtney, Bois Blanc
electrician, ywith whom they, talked,
not to go onut-into the lake’ in the
face-of the sttorm conditions, but they
laughed at hhis feara and headed for
Monroe, Whhat followed ia only con-
Jectore. but |Friday afternoén the U.
S. Government lighthouse tender
Crocus sighteed a derelict with bow

out of waterr 2% miles southwest. of

the Bar Pointt light, and pulling along-
side it provedd to the wreck of*fhe {)l-
fated yacht. “iIt was Iifted aboard and
discloged, a hnole ff the’ stern where

4 piece of rottten planking had been

stove in by thhe seag, ~The life pre-
had’ heen aboard had
Bone togetherr with the furnitu-e and
other things. .The Gothing of Mra.
Holwedel ‘wuss in a pile in the stern.
Tho Gracefl lt] was taken to the De-
troft shipyardds Saturday. Capt, Gag-
non and Mrr. Holwedel ’ have been
along “the shore trying to get some
trace of thee bodies without success.
Mgnday theyy came to The Een office
and authoritzed the offering of a re-
ward of $100 for the recovery ofeach
may * spur
those who live adjacent to the shore
between Bar; Point and Péles Point to
keep a sharpper tookout.

KINGSVILLE.

The infquenza {& stil epidemic here,
though tlhe disease, is of a mild type
and ayy one -dedth has occorred,
Which) ig considered a splendid tribute
to thts “gkill and attention of local phy-
siciatys, » Among tie Tatest attacked
are Hered, Crawford) and his whole
family :
Te

LEAMINGTON.

Influenza and pnéumonia’claimed an:
other Victim on Tuesday night in the
person “f Albert Ives, Manager of the
Greenhili) Hardware, who died follow-
INE & Weiok'y fincas. He fa survived
by hIS Wife, formerly a Miss’ Robert-
son, of Wheatley, and litéle son. The

funeral ttook place Monday to’ Lake-
view ceMintery, -

——$<$ $< $— ae
TOWN OF ESSEX.

Shmuel)
stroke of

- a

F: Wigie, who. suffered &
paralysis at the home of

Funeral ser-|
“se conducted hero on Monday
by the Ray J. W. Hibbert, pastor of
Grace Methodist church, and tho re-
mains Wer. taken,to Greenhill-ceme-
itery, Kingisvitte, for interment. Mr.
Wigle Is siiryived.by one brother, Dr.
igle, of Kingeville; his
formerly a Misa Russell, of
n&ton, and’ one aon, Andrew, of
Walkervitte, “He was an old’ resident
of this district. His only daughter,
Grace (Mfrs, Harry Barber), died some
years BG: ; ‘

_ COLCHESTER NORTH.

There ‘fare thirteen membe ts in the
family? 9? Asa Shepley, this township,
including the parents, and eleven are
Ser

Lew sed away at the
' 6f her daughter, - 2

| FORMER AMHERSTBURG LIEU-
TENANT PRESENTED
WITH M. C.

It comes as a pleasing curprise to
many friends in Amherstburg to learn
that Major John Russell Millard, of
London, at one time in charge of the
Amherstburg Platoon, 99th Battalion,
whs presented with the Military Cross
at London thissweek by Major Shan-
non. Major Millard, who. arrived
home from Frande Iast Christmas,
and claimed Migs Maurie: Terry, of this
town, as his bride, won tho rank of
captain and elso his present rank on
the fleld. In spite of tiis wounds re:
ceived in action he is still on duty at
the armories, Am. extract from the
London Garzeite of Juiv 18th, 1918,

: “Captain (Acting Major)
John Russell Millard, M. C., Canadian
infantry. Military. Cross—For con:
apicuous gallantry and devotion to
duty. Though wounded prior to’ the
attack in which he led his company,
displaying great skill and courage, he

nN cn
C ging his men. The taking of a
strong point was- largely due to his
Perseverance and personal courage.
During this period he received a sec-
ond wound but still refused to be
evacuated until his position liad been
consolidated.”

MALDEN.

John Readman’s sale fs to-day (Fri-
day). 7

The Public schools in Mildén wete
opened on Monday.

,Miss Bistett, of Harrow, was. the
guest of Mrs. Snell over Sunday.

Miss Goldena Deslippe, of Maidstone,
spent the week-end with Miss Leila
Ouellette, . Ww

Luke Ouellette, jr. and Maurice Pil-

lon are doing jury duty at Sandwich.

this week.

Miss Laura Sellars is on the sick
list, but weshope for her a speedy
recovery.

Mr. ind Mrs. Archie Benjaniin, of
Detroit, spent Sunday with their,uncle,
Luke Ouellette,

Rey. Mr. Snell will occupy the, pul-

pit at .Goldsmith next Sunday in the
interests of Missions,

The big auction sale of furniture at
the Amherst, House. Amherstburg, is
to-day (Friday), beginning nt. 10 a.m.

Mrs. M. J. Atkinson sold 5 acres of
|the -IE-acre plot she. purchased from
the Coste estate to Willidm Farmer,
at a fancy price.

Barlow & McCormick grocery stack
is being sold out at cost, Many use-
ful articles, cases, barrels, etc. suit-
able for farmers, included. :

Miss Cameron, teacher of S. S. No.
3, has resigned and will leave at the
end of the year. The trustees tre ad-
yertising for a successor.

Albert” Wyld, of. Colchester South,

 

and will move there this week. Mr.
Wyld recently séld bis place to Jason
Snider.

Big auction sale of furniture, stoves,
tables, kitchen outfit, etc, ag the
Amlefkt House, Amherstburg, to-day
(Friday), beginning at 10 o'clock. in
the forenoon.

Roy Richardson js bullding up his
stock of Duroc Jerseys by adding three
pure bred registered. sows, which he
purchased from ©. Malott, wellknown
Wheatlay breeder, <

Fred. Mickle was quite @everely in-
jured one day last week, when a horse
he’ was feeding crushed h{m against
the side Of the stall. He had two ribs
broken and’ otherwise. badly bruised.

Thomas: Thornton held a successful
sale on Tuesday, We understand that
Mr. and Mrs, Thernton.will reside in
the Burg fn the future. -We are sorry
to lose such valuable neighbors. from
this community. ;

Do you know that J. J Sinclair's
store, Amherstburg, is the real Santa
Claus toy headquarters for boys and
girls. also games, fancy chjnaware,
fancy goods. leather goods, etc. Come
in nd make your Christmas selec-
tions. — :

Selling Out—Evory arti@e in the
store sacrificed, Come here for your
Christmas presents—ties. mufflers, col-
lars, cuffs, caps, handkerchiefs, hair
ribbong, childrens’ d¥ésses, shoes, &c.
The Working Men's Friend, Crimmins
Block, Amherstburg,

. The officials appointed to prestiie at
the coming municipal elections are:
Returning Officer Howard Gibb. Poll
1, D. R. O., Ross Deneau; Poll Clerk,
E. Sellars; Pol 2. DR. O., Fred. Du-
four; Poll Clerk, A. P, Meloche. Poll
3, D. R¥O., Hilton Mickle; Pol) Clerk,
Ross Brugh. ~ lod

Members of the Women's Midsionary
jociéty met at the parsonage on Fri-
day last and packed a bale of quilts,
clothing and comforts, value $55. This.
bale was shipped to. the~ Methodist
Deaconess Home, Toronto, to provitie
‘Christmas cheer to some suffering and
néedy ones. “The committee wish to
thank all who so generously donated
their time, money~and clothing for
this object. f So Oe

The regular monthly nieoting of tlie
W. M.S. will be “held at the parson-|
age on Thursday afternoon, Decom-
ber 19th, at 2 o'clock: The special
“Day of Prayer” service’ will be held
and it is expected (hat. Mra. (Rev.)
Husier, of Harrow, will give an ad-
‘dress. All ladies of the congregation
are urged to attend this.service, also.
to especially remember this se
as woll os our missionaries during the
Prayer half-hour—6 to 6.30, next Sun-
‘day afternoon, — wie

 

Adjoining M.

The Falls - Barron

C. R.

FALLS BROTHERS

DEALERS IN

Insurance and. Real Estate:
AMHERSTBURG, ONT. .

Agente

THE BEST WAY TO TEACH

TO
Save Money. 4g
[escorts]

Is to ‘come in and open‘ a BANK ACCOUNT for him

NOW. Do it!

Pour Boy

A boy with a@ bank account doesn’t need any other.
recommendation when he goes to get a job. Employers
know that he has the “right stuff” in him.. :

Has your boy a bank account and is he addin

regularly?

You can>give your children no better-o
training than to teach them to

—_—_

as

g to ft

r. important |

put their money in our ‘

IMPERIAL BANK OF GANADA

Amherstburg Branch,
Harrow Branch

has rented the Frank McGee place, |’

C. A, CUDDY, Manager,
P. T. Clark, 9 Manager-

None Too Early to. Select Christmad Piésents

This Peace

Come in ae select it now and havi

e ‘The Sensible G

Christmas will be the Greatest in Hist

for Gift Giving.

O

We expéct to be in our new Premises,
Amherst House block, before Christmas

ees x,

—_——

if is a piece. of Furniture:

ory

a put away: for you.

A. J. BURNS

Murray ‘Street.

PHONE 20

-_

CHRISTMAS PRESE!

_ AMHERSTBURG,

E Hardware, Silverware, Table Cutlery, :
<¢’ Electric Household Goods,

‘

KIDDIE KARS
KINDERGARTEN SETS —
CHILDREN’S ROC}
CHILDREN’S ROCKING

HORSES”
HIGH :

|. The long-delayed annual meeting of

ga Debra 2 jthe Malden Red Cross Circle will bo
2 E dareess ! anoaday to hold in the’ basoment of the Me

a sine

WORK TABLES
TiRED ‘WORK BASKETS
GATE TABLES

ITING DESKS
ecoRD mei
BRN STANDS —

MAGAZINE STANDS
JARDINIERE STANDS
IMUSIC SEATS
TRAYS . :
FOOT STOOLS

i KD lati
(OKING STA!
A CHESTS d

» WORK.

 
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
    
     
 
          

  
   

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
  
    

y
=
BS
=
mS

Have vou ever come ont
of a theetre, or church or
over-hezted reem and felt,
immedictely the cold ni;ht
air ceve ht your tLreat and
breathing pees-)'s, that you
were gi to catch cold?
Jheat istie it me to tike
Peps. Two cr three Peps
taken atecce @ [ll prove an
unfiltg jprventwe A
cold deviie; cd mecens need.

| less Suficrs. @ ard expense.
) Safecerrd yourseif by al-
| Ways hiv, eg a bex c. Peps

         
   
         
       
   

 

              
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
     
    

; oA hand

ie] They are alto best for
7 coughs, sore throat and bron-
i chitis. Ailuceicrs, svc, box.

  
  

 

  

 

Is PoHIsbing wpe

 

 

4

© SUD Dy depot

  

d and Mr t
move in, ina few 4
un all-day

  
  

voted to}
President
compiny. that}
co © wild 4 nén eonduc
t by March ‘1s THE moves ire
* ofsthe striké and the men
d work ow Fr
—The Town of xX is submitting
a, by-Liwato the eléctors to rajse $2000
for patriotic purposes during 1919. It
is intimated that $800, will be required
10 ent iin the soldiers: when they
gome homefand $100 a month will
sgiven to the two patriotic leagues for
Red Cross’ work. A by-law wllsalso
be sumbitted/to get the dictum of the
ratepayers on the abolition of _pool
and bitiard parlors. ,
> They Amherstburg’ Echo has en-
lered upon a 45th year ofits publi-
cation. It is a’ welj-edited, well-print-
edt paper. a credit to the publishers
and a valiable asset tosthe’ town and
Like sain "it Improves with
people ofthe district should
be proud of thelr local organ and ex
tend thelr warmest support to Its edi-
tors and publishers{’—Watford Guide
pict for Jeremiah Collings, far-
mer, of idstone, near Windsor, Bar
y ristee W..D. Roach, of Windsdr? |]
effected a settlement erith the
Mi. kun Central Railway, frome: whom
Collins claimed 4,000. Collins’ barns
, ind crops were burned soon after hat
“" yesh a spark fram one of the com-
piny'’s engines being resporiible, it
was -nileced. Tire company hes set-
uid by paying Collins $3,000

THE MAKING OF
~ AFAMOUS |
MEDICINE

= Heat Lydia E. Pinkham’s
Ve getable*Compound
iF Prepared For °

Woman's Use.

 
  

 
        

e-

     

  

 

 

 
    

 

 
 
    
  

 

 

       

    

 
  

   

 

  

 

 

A visit to the Isboratory where this
successful remedy is mado im Seti
even the casual looker-on with reli-
ability, accuracy, skill and eloanlincss
eres ends fs making of this Broa’
meviftine for woman’s ills.

Cron 850, 000 pomas of various herba
bre aes care? and ae have oe

” pratilere] at the season of ear when
. Shir natural juices and eins! sub-
Btafices cre ot at. seal
«. The most successful solvents are used
to exireet the medicinal properties from
joes Herbas <5

“ad conc ih ths ic that comes in

: ee aa os Dunne mat oe
sealed

   

j Ing slate, ment: “The temperature re-

   
 
   
   
 
  
  
    
   
 
     
        
        
 
 
  
    
     
      
       
       
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
         
     
 
  
      
    
   
   
 
   
    
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
    
       
    
   
   
     
  
    
   
  
    
      
   
  
    
  
    
  
    
            

                 
     
    
    
   
 
   
             
  
  
      
    
    
   

buoys this Aeriek, | &

  

 

    

—At whats éemperatare ould a0
office i working room be kept. is be-

ing atked every day. To supply this
| informa:jon the office of the Fuel Ad-
ministration has sent out the follow-

commeéende, hy the Ontario Piel Ad-
ministration for working and living
rooms {8 64 Gegr It is the de
gree of heat a! Which sclence agrees
at his best. The temperature
TOOMs is, 50 degrees or
the room is heated by
have a 240 of water or a’ boiling
always ON top.”

It {s annoyMted tha: the Dominion
Government has arranged to replace

 

 

 

  

‘thé present ome cent coln with some-

   

r rls The pres-
wd. is of very nice de-
tractive.

ing of sm

 

ithout un-
We sur-

 

 

   
   
 
  
   
  
 

  

 

  
   

 

 

 

    
   

 

   
   

ys found time ‘to
bors’ griefs and Jc So long a rei
dent of Oldfield street, her death. re-
moves from their midst a most loved
friend and neighbor. She had always
bfen a devout’ member of Trinity
chureh, and from the church of ner.
nearly-lifelong attendance her faneral
will occur at 2.30 o'clock Saturday af-
ternoon, Rev “Dr. Thomas MacLean
officiating. Surtixing Mrs. Jarmin are
her™sons, Rey. Arch, Deacon Edward
Jarmin. of Bay City; Ells  Jarmin,
Ewem Michizan; Fronk- Jarmin «nd
Walter Jarmin, of this city; and one
daufirter, Miss Emma Jarminy who is
now ill at the family home, Six
uranchildren- alao survlye, Dorothy.
Edward, Frances, Jenn, Geraic and
Thomas Jarmin,”

    

 

es Na i Te

THE WEEK'S MARKET.

 

The following commant on the
market situation as regards foodstuffs
appears in Canadian Grocer this
weeki-A genoral revision in the better
grad@s cf coffee has been reported,
prices “moving up from 1c ‘to 2c per
pound. Santos {s quoted well. below
replacément valve, and the outlook is
that sharp advance in this grade is
due. Other manufacturers announce
adviinces in their Inundry soaps this
week, prices being up from 25c to 45c
per case, Hirher levels* have been
reached on canned milk. Nut markets
ahow. furthor fluctuations this week.
‘New crop filberts* have arrivod, and
aa expected, prices -hava declined in
line with futures quoted a couple of
month® ago:. Walnuts are firmly held
with supplies none too heavy. Some
sources report & decline in Jumbo

anuta of 2c per Ib, Some,

of the prices on rices has
reported, but this is principally

    
  
  
 

 

 

 

Amherstburg Council.

Monday, December $th.
Council met in regular session.
Present Mayor Park, Reeve Brown

and Councillors Bertrand, Craig. Wig-

‘te, Crimmins and Denike.

, Minates of previous meeting were

read and adopted.

Accounts and communications were
read and referred to their respective
committees as follows:

Finance—W. T.. Wilkinson, Insur-
ance, $8: GN. W. Telegraph Co.
$1.12; H. S. Board. $400; J. H. Petty-
plece. collecting taxes, $2.50.

Fire, Water and Light—D. Desautel.
& Sony $12.40; A. Boyd. work. $9 and
$26:-C. Marshall. work. $22; F. Dupuis.
work. $1; A. J. Burns. extra work.
water main, $168.50; Bel! Telephone
Co., $165,
re, Water and Light—Firemen’s
jes—Dave Brown, $25, Wm. Fox
Thos. Bernard $25, Walter Bert-

2 mon’ Bertrand +. $25, Sem
John Coyle $25, Hilland

5, Eari Jones $ Louls
J. R- Hamilton. chief. $30;
lo & Ray, $34.05.
Works—H. L. Robidoux.
pluces, Ltd. $14.80, $101.-

$2.40; T. Bondy, $2;

; Earl Brush. $1.50.

Alfred McRae,

insurance auto

 

 

 

  
   

 

pe

 

arity—Denike Drug

Bender and F.. H:
jon to get oe
own in an effort
rize ti own han 1

 

  

  

 
    

 

 
 

 

  

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

   
   
 
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    

Total turring~ payéments. 197 60
Health and Charity Committee—
Denikes Drug Co.5: -. staves 29 TS)
The report was adopted, on motion
Lof Messrs. Criimmins and Bertrand 4
Ar appeal was madé on belidir de

more than that reduced by the Jinfge

Moved by Mr. Denike, seconded by |
MegeGrimmins, that the Clerk be autir-
orized to issue a warrant for thac am-
ount.—Carried?

On bebalf of Inmes) Buckborough.|
Mr. Denike-safd that Mr. Buckborough
had sold his property on Fort-street
to Mr. Reaume in January, amf was
still assegsed forit. He wented it
changed — ees ;

Mr. Buckborotgh was ad*ised to
muke an appeal to the Judge, as the
court had finally sat.

Mr. Craig—"lf the Assessor lind fone}

around and made the assessment
there, he would have found out about
this.” .

By-law No. 217, being a by-law to
ratify the borrowing of $25,000 from
the Imperial Bank for the ying of
the water main on Siandwitit street.
was read ‘the necessary number of
times and finally passed.

A by-law to appoint'a time and place
for holding the municipal election. was
read the necessary. number of times
and? passed.

Poll 1, at Hadley Block, with Ww. a.
Smith D. R, O., J. H. Pettyplece, P. C.
and F, Dupuis. constable.

Poll 2, at Council Chamber, asi
Hall. with P. Laferte, D. R. O.; John

Grant. P. G., and S. Renaud, constable, |ous
Poll 3, at old telephone office, with |!

Wm. Southwick, D. R. 0.; D, R. Davin;
P. @, and Ro Malsey, pe gata .

Regarding the request from the
band boys, it was moved by

Jobbing lots, The orange market.
Ightly caster this “week, while

 

have lots of vonderful things ta tell
you When! ger home. It may be seme
weeks yet if we go to Germany as part
of the army of occupation

feel and although the trip into Ger-
Roy Wigle against his business: as-|™4&ny would be interesting, nearty all
sessment last year, which was $43.50 /0f us are thinking of home.

   
  

tke

; MUNICIPAL ELIOTIQNS 1919

+
“POLICE VILLAGEOF HARROW,

      
 

NOTICE is hereby gixn that a meeting
of the Municipal Eleosrs of the Polire
Village of Harrow wil) be held at the
Town Ifall in the said Via at 12 o'clook
hoon {Eastern Standard Time) on

Monday, December 30th, 1918

   
  
     
   
 
  

 

Vor the purpose of ominnting ft and i
breper persons for the office of THREE
POLICE VILLAGE TRUS'RES for the sala
Village for 1919.

 
 

fn case a poll De demnded for salt of- i,
Neos, the same will be owned in aarh Poll- Pa
ing Sub-Division in Ihe sald Village on |

 

 

fionday, the Sixth day of January, 1010, hy

becinning at the hour a) @ ovel in the

morning and continuing ull the hour of 5

o'clock in the afternoon, }
J. MW. MVDILL,

oe

   

   

Coats new ¢his season. Of Velour, Chev-
iots and Tweeds. Thoroughly good gar-
ments, full of style and service. Collars
of plush, velvet or self-material. Colors
include plum, dark “green, brown, nevy
et and black. Eelted or semi-belted models.

feturning Omecer. "a
fsrrow, December 9th, 018, ig

 

MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS 1919

 

TOWNSHIP OF #NDERDON

 

NOTICK t4 hereby given that a meeting
of the Municipal Electors of the Township
of Anderdon will be lid at the Town
Hall in the said Towniitp at 12 o'clock
noon (Eastern Stabdaxd Time), on

Monday, Decewher 30th, 1918

For the-purposs, of nominating Mt “and

j WE ACCEPT CANADIAN MONEY AT PAR

Uh BSIEGELG [

comma socemman 6 STATE

 

i proper persons for the oMeo of REEVE
Wao Conant THOM WITH ARTY CTYED STORE SOLICITED and FOUR COUNCILLORS for the said
a Township for (919,
DETROIT In case 9 poll be demande the same
WwHEbe Opened In each Polling Sub-dtvisiort

in the sai¢ Towiiship on Monday, tho
Sixth day of January, 1919, bewinning at
the hour of 0 ovele in the morning and

fr mu-the hour ofS o'’cleck tn
the afternoon,

 

 

\z ses SZZSSASZSS ZS
BY-LAW No. 605. es,

 

Au ©. MAILLOUX,

   
 

 

 

 

    

   
  
     

      

 

          

      
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
      
   
  
 

 

 

 
    

   

   

 

   
  
 
  

    

    

     
      

  
 
 

   

 

   
   
 

 

 

  
   
  

  
 
    

     

    

 

 

 

    

     
  
   
     
        
   
    

     
  

   
 

      

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

  

 

  
      
  
  
 
   
    
    
  
    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
    
  
 
 
    
      
  

  
  
  

 

RY = > ‘gayvniant of 25 ce teturning Omeer.- *% £2
Fu aa ap la xtra s hardship He Anderiton, December oth, 1978.
Ga k FO.-j
= = OE gi ite on ae ears of $280,000.00, Brugper. Mag can- oa. oe. w-o
as 1 . ei) a . ~ “i
} t reas DBrimiver Wee i Li nired certain lands fn the Town- bg yp ‘J COT .
ayor Park said that there was a], Wistess Brunwer. Mi eit EAT EL Tae aE Te ee a ae aco or [EU NICIPAL ELECTIONS 1019
r Dron the Fue] Contriller af Ot} carrying Gn a’ Wand . n T 1 ‘ ts eee
ting that certain dealers in}. And whi gC TOWNSHIP OF MALDEN
urg were overt! and am a
forvan t ation of whe Tow TE is hereby given Ut a. meeting
Brow Holpal Eleclars of the Township
: t fop all nools amd ‘Tor will beheld eat the: Town
r 1 » i the sald tr sat Townsmp. at £2. o'clock
Ularly deserDiey umbers: =. 6.) iin (kastern Stunterd Time), on ¥
wh half iot Nimans 20
the fof ties nent) Monday, December 30th, 1618
; . i wat j aN) ownitdeby the |]
was, SUgB EST a 2h 7 imittee ’ aad 6 wr 1 4 ‘5 \ of Jot Number} Fur now aut Ero
! 4 oridir SO bebae a ll prey the of REEVE
council be appoin wnshiy), || a COUNCILLORS for ie said
fers Poor dss || To for 1010. nee
od r **, ? Second ff
Tae sore - toe ionic In the Second In « a poll be demanded The same
e be « comm to Invest ed Dy We said |) will b in cach Polling Subeiivision
{8 the comp!ainé x rred to andj cu being « ted nthe fownshhyy Monday, the
to the counc This was sec I Lead se oe ees | ath day ci danuarys wath beeing a ‘
3 = eee y nf. W isanic yollars hour .<f 9 o'eloek in le MOAoing ane
{ by Mr. Den fan carried, : Of this By-law, Henin until the hour of 5 otclock in
Moved Mrs, Henry Boufford’s sequest to Provisic the atternoan.
Moved board Mr. ley ¢ 3 aA wee Passed. t ce Mires Bow aeere eho mete 1049. 1 r. -— i
by Mr. Der board ee oa ae meek a} A WAILLOUN. RAYMOND NOCHELEAC, HOWARD GIBDy
a it e was di * Clerk fieeve. fj Neturning 6 cer.
Bell. Pe Moved by. Mr. Brown, seconded by a : — \ 3 Malden, December 91h, 1918. oe
Mr. Craig, that Mrs. Boufford: be grant- NOTICE. " | Ey eS =
council, | », 2 {fo th aCe: or ke Notice that the fire js a trne copy of a proposed law of the Cor "NICTP oA A 9
[ ming bands- rie i bald SLPS oy oO Not! the Toawust n to be Ted tothe ve of the electors at MU NIC Ir AL ELEC TIONS I 19
r fara tendc(tiee fror Fe Cage Soest} j ; a tine and at the sane 7 as the election fol Muni¢ipal Cound),
leet um spe fal g ant rom the A. J. Woods uddressed-the council beputy Returning OMeers ap) pointed tld the said election. shall take, the T h EST
council towards the reorganization of | asking fora reduction in his taxes “ . ‘ DEI alo OLD
the band and to purchase instrument : a At ncmulcn sy And Mat on ¢ 1015, At twoso’clock in the i at the rte
post- SUCH AS Ronis. vymball, ee h he clainred ee ay is be-| Town. Hathcin whe sai # ixed for the ap untMent of persons to ee is nereby riven that a meeting
mmiltiee, y : ing $350, which js.over double what] attend al! the poi al the Nnal summing up of the ve ates by Ne Clerk. of the Municiipal-Electors of the Township
nts in ad- hones, clarionet. bass and tenor In-}itiqwas the year before. He had prac- And that if the assent angors ix obtained to the sai 7 Apehd Hy law infor Colchester samth will be held. at the
= , uments and music books, a total of | tically be Chuditiess this y | be taNen inte consideration by the Municipal Couneil of the “ai Oorparation ata Hall in. the said’ Township at 12
He Wivurad“(auhe*bandtronlt t cal een Out of businéss this year. held after the expiration mr ane month from the date of the uck Noon Eastern Stmdard Time), on *s
$ a E hook Gre~band wou Moved by Reéve Brown, secondéd by “4 ‘ oc this Hotiee, and that said first pubfication was made on the. 13th = =
ore pee eh he Py Mr. Wigle, that a warrant be drawn | 48 (7 f HELEN TAL tea e AbD Desiree (6, vonateon Laid sed Bytl Monday, December 30th, 1918
After recéss tha reports of the Prop-| in favor of Mr, Woods for-the amount 1 (lel {8 i p alere bane wae teri eee te acini bree
erty Committee; Board of Works, Firé,| of his busine’s ~ax—$78,37.—Carried. taku Fy tr . vole Nita Tarai cok der thet nes eid a te vin ate ihe ea For the purtiese af, nominating 2 i
Water und Light Committee, Health The comm bites ui fi he Chief tease ext 1 time for whieh the debtor abiilt Y Ha 16 baccrealen:-or COAG tc Proper person: forthe oMce of freeve *
und Charity Committee were read lor Pollée w 5 fieAEcn ee the let) enty-« aod that betas by the: lease rovenanted to‘pay all municipal taxes [300 FOUN WOUNCILLORS for the sald
and incorporated into the Finance MEW OuSR Wee. LAKE UD: ip respert Operty of Which he is tenant gther than Loca! Improyement rates. Township for 1919.
a aes a a ana t c r Mr. Denike mal ulere was general AL AUS LODS : ini~ cases ia puiie Hetunenttad eae y
Pe OOS diysatisfaetion because youngsters are ownship: Clork. = se es camer ey tt Te eer ;
"o a fs 5 ro rae 7 a TL be openly pn nh Poll Sub aay
farthecssont Ne J slnette, re fund of tase rinning wHd, because” of their being ~~ o ——— —~- in) the: sald) Townsnt fons ontig the
enribes t WUSIDESS TAX sirens oe 75i:..$ 51 26) no policeman. ofeateefeolooteetee! 7 5 . = | Sixth day off January; 1919, beginning at
P High School Bourd, dématid.:.-400 00] - Mr. Crimmins dign't want any other ie ope) ee hour OF Mo elbck. in the anorning: ands
J. H. Pettyplece, om accounc tar ,-»4 appointment made, He Irimself had - of | RG eLa eon ay URES Ne ee ae o
se SONS REOLT - 250 00) suggested to Mr. B.-oker to make] 4 4
W. TeVkinson, Tax Collec- tlifs offer. ‘ 25 ME MADIEL,
tor's insurance $00]. Moved by Mr. Crimmfis, seconded . 9) osudh’S one etturning _Ofiirer.
4 Neo WY Telegraph Co... 112] by Mr. Wigle, that Mr, Brooker .be 2 ef Wid el pide foie east
A-Hough. Ambierstburg engaged as per his offer of $40- a CIPS 7
etal den, Mickle drain. ..... 2 30)\.month during the winter vas hens to z ons MUNICH AL, ELECTIONS. 1919 a;
Fire, Water and_Ligin= @- ~ |devote part of his* time to the work. ey *
A. Boyd, work on Bathurst St 9 00 Reeve Brown didn't thinle it advis- ee pk TOWNSHIP OF MELEE ’ >
hoe izhout |“: Boyd. work on But St. 26.00) abel for any Council” at this Inte date | £ : =< Pn NOTICE j
Saomormince F. Dupuis, digging 1 00} to appoint.» follcemun forall winter. oat ar the Munieipen ny riven that ar onee tire:
Aas: Thomme| (24S: Marshall) work*or Sand- Thére had’ been a gieat many com-| Se] of Pewo willbe. inert ae nts phe haan
Perth Sf iperily [is wit ESC plaints that he policéman’s duties had le Cy ian the st TOW ship at! 1. olviock PLM.
feud” { om J Firenien ge a not been properly handled of late: He sf +3 (Eastern Standfird Time), on +
nem Al ft srunner, Mord. pipe... i thonght that he town would te ahead
sident Al a be JRSIa} Mra, Merlo, Merlo .& Ruy, labor 3405) by paying full salary for a man’s a ot Monday, December 30th, 1918 =
Z omus Suurm widow of meta ©) W, Mann, work on-muin 69 50] whole time: Mr. Brooker cannot look | f° + For the pu : ?
iomas Jarmin, eS | Ay Boyd, x ae 5 i i Nd le purpose OF mh “f
day afternoon me Ori 3 Se ert ae 39 te differ both I's own interests’ und that of + proper persuins for the: whee “of RENTS is
Sh iad lived | J.) Dickerson digging... 2 00 igs the ¥ co Ramee gape dag fa 5 Township. tr idee ae ee ’
= ins hey - or end 0 we yeur. % “5 u 2
fors8 years, Ar Jarminw di ae 4aV-) T.. Thompson, 16 50) Mr. Crimmina’ changed fils motion = 1" in case .
; the Wh Sen Ty onexpack: ( enaa : T200]/to read until the new council ts ia-\‘e of | will he opened in. each Paling sake ‘
1 i 1¢ mitirely ee ~ na il ‘on
st ae es not “t ir y unexp' cee G. Hurst .. vie T 00) stalled, which was put and carried. aa oh ia the saya Townsip on Monday, othe: ‘
ed, yet the end came sooner than the} p Déxautel & Son; repul T2440] Councif*aijourned. °F [the hour’ oft? SUEY 2818, bean nite
family thought probeble, as Mrs. Jar-] property Committee . " ¥ of | ne hour olf 9 o'otock’ in the morning and
mintiad been rather better than usugl 4 AfeCrea. salary o> 00 —~—-a— < Gis 2 = the argerne el aife four OL Book si »
= eo 2 “Aa a. 5 at ! oe —— ar = ——- -—-+ = i)
for a faw parece iy a Mrs: ate Labor and mterial répairing WRITTEN FROM MONS.* “Ha aes a
min“was the daughter of the proprie Moshe pak eee 9 00 . its ase Y AM STESVART,
tor of the famous old Brown. Hotel at |w Tawikinson: insurance-on We C.-M. S, Thomas Amherstburg, re- aving purch d thé stock of F Barlow & Smith, I will ‘Pelee, Decdimper oi. 4 js OMieer.
AZOR SrSLbUr gs Ono nen” mation Ee autoppulldinee eas. 5 19 WS | ceived this week this letter tum his| 2 ¢ offer it at greatly reduced prices. a) |
nunfe being Charlotte Brown. She |> Qoard of Works— son Charlie, written at the: historic + | PERE VETTE
was born in - Amherstburg it 1846, Peviypiet res,,,Lid., 28 ft. sewer ,| Mons, a name that will stand owt fr G32 ‘Come i in and select our Christmas Presents Now
ete ane 13 amie a erty Alma and Laird...,8..:7. ., S3I 6T| Mfstory to the end of time: + y : rae DIVISION, ?
-Jarmin i in coming to this City | pattypiece, Ltd,, 28 iat aes . : : : 45 ay ,
in the faN of the spme year, and 10-1; hark cireer es Mons, Heigivm, Nov. 16th, 718. Theye are many desirable pieces. astern Standard Fime, 4
cuting on the norti@kide of the river, |p! pondy, cleaning aiyhew ‘op Te Lan CORT cone a In oi :
The Jarmins occupfed a house wherg Maple Aveos....... 2 og | few lines in haste to all of you to let} 3 THE OLD STAND Goin fect November 10th, wit.
the present north side fire department | Henry Robidoux. balance on pyou know (hat I am 62fe and’ well, and | "3 ase Going. 4
is now located. In 1870,,1hé present sidewalks .....2)........ 7g qpeioplti to get home in the near future, | °F a a No. 7 East.
homaepwas built. where family WAS} par) Brush,’ 2 lodds c ind 4 1 5p) Dut how near that Is I can’t tell’ yet. & S$ MeGEE. - D ee e No. 85
since continuously resided. Mrs. Jar-| pettypieces. Limited. r You no doubt know from the paper] @@ gz ousie eet +. 9.56 5 pm. A
min wis essentially ajljome woman. ohtch, basin. iphies 9 og | #11 the details of ‘the cessation of les- Heobesbesoretoctostocfooloolocfenfonfonfonfonfoalanfaafeoleslenlealeoleclaclanfeotacleclaclecleclelesfecfeefaefaafe 1SaR<2 ns es Blenkalm-...<t. .c638fg .
devoting her life to her children, but AEN io et Agata lied TY }tilfties so I will not attempt’ to- tell ae +» Merlin ........
Repairing sidewalk, Gore | - 10.36 mc! tsworth |
hose noble women 7 3 aly and Si . : «arte yi ‘a y ’ eee Sy = Zonts wi eae 4
on of those noble wo yous al dnd Sandwith ..-.:.28.°.. $y} you an thing In this ‘letter, but will +++e4 ' A 4 +4++-+-+4+4++ MOTHER'S BREAD4 4 +4 +4 + +44 4 feeb ee> 10.50... ol

. Wheatley ...
11, {3 4 ‘Leamington. . oon

TRY BREAD. AND MILK are ae

One of the greatest dishes in the world, IF you have
good rich milk and NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD.

Cut your bread into inch squares, put in a bowl with |

You have no idea how happy we all

’.. McGregor ..
12.2500. Walkervilio

RW. YOUNG, DPA OY Oe

     

We had a big thanksgiving service

  
   
  
    

——

      
     

\in the city theatre thisi morning, and i 2 Lonilon. 5
telieve: ifie it was sincere. Thestré|+ a taste of sugar, pour over boiling milk and—Presto!— W. E. WOLPENDEN, G,P.A.
tiene ae ships: ‘ed wthowen | £ YOu have a fine, complete nourishing meal. Try it late C. MITCHELL, Agent, Hare, t

se are leaving our lieroic dead (poor
Bert being one of them) with sorrow
‘a our hearts, stfll) we carry Dback
‘ond memories of them and are proud
of them.

T saw. Murray a couple. of weeks ago
azd will no doubt see him again soon.

I have to stop now as the last mail
for some’ time is jmst abouc to ‘leaye.

Merry Christmas if 1 dont get home

ils

some night after working overtime. Adopt it now ‘anil +’

then in place of a heavy meat meal. The rich goodness:
B
ol)
=
m
a}.
@
o
D
5
5

 
  
           
   
     
   
       
 
 

of NEAL‘S MOTHERS BREAD makes. it ideal for bread-

and-milk, fine for'children, satisfying for grown-ups, good
for ail.

 
  
 

Cars run on Fastern Standard oe
Tn effect October 10th, 1918.

Your grocer will deliver: you a oat as soon as you ;
; |. Windsor

  

   

 

in time, Love te all. ° ene Bh to Am - as
Vouse aay “WE INVITE THE. TABLE TEST.” herstburg. . Bk,
| CHARLIE. Food Will Win the War—Don’t Waste It- eros .— ae

ee

+ “$100 Reward, $100.

The readers of this paper will be
pleasel to learn that there is at least
one drealed disease that science. has:
been ableto cure in ol its stages, and
that is. Céearrh, “Hale Catarrh Cure
is the only positive eure now knowr'
to the medhal fraternity. Catarrh be-
ing & const{ntiona) disease, requires

a Sane coca
internally, act-
at the reat it sens
troying the foun 0 Nessa ai
ann th a tient.

    
  

        
 

NEAL BAKING CO. ltd.

Phone 59 — WINDSOR» 31-37 Salter Ave :

For sale’ tn Amberetbuig? ‘at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T.. Flo)
Son's, G. F. Girardin’s, A. J. 3. Burne’ John Grants fh T. oe

Harvie’.
wird Hi by W.
nde tangin& Gon beds Sheet | MeGreger by Beug Pree:

Penis ereerreereraed MOTHER'S SS
TBURG ECHO. _

mall

A

Le
=P
tl

Lie
Be ZG : .
SZ

ae

Yn

— RIN Ee
An

_
‘aN
ar

AND THIS CHRISTMAS STORE

 

 

aca

Ni
=
Py
y

ie

CSO LIE
SS

=

FROM SIME IMMEMORIAL, the world has elected Christmas Day as the one day in the year to record SaaS

jin a tangible way their love and regard for relations and friends. :

1 a YEA R the oportanity is two-fold, for in addition to those desrest to us, the given may find satisfaction Do Vour
and joy tn giving some one thing or another that will give comfort or guard the health of our boys who

are ‘over there’ or who will soon be on thelr way hae,

= Ad ee)
THIS YEAR we have made extraordinary efforts to make this a real CHRISTMAS STORE, wherg a great Christmas ~phopping

number of givers will find & great wamber ob hesutliveeand practical cht. <<

SO WE confidently invite you to make this your Christuias Shopping Headquarters, and to select. here Farl
among the gifts suitatte for every age, condition aud’ elime—trom baby to grandparents and from the home :
in Canada to the eamps and trenches in France,

TP
Raa”

Sak
or
Soke,
SS
wt)
eS

x ~
Je.9ne
X

BP

BP
PVs

a

a. SS
: aes J
“4 KZ

Ww,
PEL
Oa

 

et eee a pS eee SHIRTS!
NECKTIE ie Sa

Ho will like the one you buy hers because evary- ; s ]
thing we show lis carefully -#losted to assist 7

Seytts such as yourself, who are nol accustomed

to shopping in the men’a woar store. A fine so-

fection of ine season's best neckwoar, sepecially

boxed for gift purposes.

25¢ up te $2.50

- There’s Not a Man or Boy.

But will give theae rousing chpers on Chrietriae
morning wien he discovera that his Santa Claue
has brought him ane of the

SILK MUFFLERS

They are in a beautitul variety of Paisley and
Oriental patterns in doth bright and subdued
colorings and aro Fashion's jant word liv nook-
pearys Tor mon. An jdpally practical Christmas
gift.

2

BS

 

Christmas Cheer

meane being happy and make ovaryone lee
happy. The boy, for instance—

A Sweater Coat ie : Arid <iety ae Mat oasy -wloosing 15

Posies SO and BM cul ones, twomy
wit please him immensely. Haven't you al- . Inodé, and offered im the very newest oftor
ready Neard son's ay hinta about ono? Thie S ’ inits hon't former that Shirts wilt bee op-
is @ vory practical gift-—he shovld hayé one, \d 5 precited hy any san fore ne! git

and & New One such as we aro showing is just

telonela value'at the prises = Oe ! $1.00 to $5.00.
FROM $1.50 to $3.75 ey i ,

AND “MEN'S

FROM $250 up10$800 | er . / GOOD LINENS

Brushed Waal Sets { : + «3 s i ae : “Make Hoart Gifts for very intimate triends

Tht codservy Linen std ks” have boen opened
ARE AS LOVELY 1% LOOKS AS THEY ARE 2 prilliant glisplay tor christmas.

“ i }
PURPOSEFUL *S ITS { \ ; Table Cloths SON Turion -
VW ki N Sl J i con Sots, Presser aod RuiTet Scarts, Embroid-
and e aMBLIOR, PANY. el. you, tbeN FOUN A ered Linens, Thwels, Red Spreads, ete. ete.
appreciate. one of these™sers, | Soft woolly |
Seart Wy} swhers about your peck and o ae = nn
mart, warm cap that {any sets on your Oo 5 5
nes) and jarge, and roomy sngueh to KO down . ; f
over the eara If wanted. S Bie rpnge of ‘ mas mens

bea)

ehaice coir inks,
Bxcellont quality: flath Towels in assorted

am mee wii enya tin oo

 

caw

 

ra

\F

&
Ms

$2.00 up to $3.50 If you think these are high prices you'll.
soon change your mind after you see these Jacquard Wenves, Jarae size and Bi! desiped

1 suits. The Highest types; these are the elOKe
| Our Ch ristmas Stocks ready-lo-put-on suits and they're made by se
Are now-eomplete. Coma, in and ‘soo thax Mest stocks ar SECON Zi FuLms, expert clothes makers and developed of the . HANDKERCHIEFS
JATIL RORES, LOUNGING :

/THANDRERCUIERS, GLOVES, HOSIERY (silk on cashthere), 8 7 = ig :
ROBES, UNBAELLAS, CHRISTMAS SRUUTS, JEWELRY—& Annpiete stewing. best, W orateds, Serges and Tweeds, ,

= %

re

€

 

 

pray,

Mandkerchiofs galore fer the whole family,

Everyone Loves Wee Babies CHARMING

@
S 3
2 ;
y ~ ,
sit the Raby Department and 1pok at aki vhe a ee <i

ate new kriittedt ttilnages There are the iiOat sf .

5: ble honnats and caps to frame tiny shubhy 4 : :

ares a

1 kee} Nuzay beads warm, At ok ote
, titttens for Title graspite iiseare, : ~ : j
wh and wittout feet, sweater sots,
0 Aeonr WW. the house, avery Neen j é a e armin i S.
Ted amina and swhike BAN SOG fi z Wich uality awatat — Sik, Nash Satin,
Mn, "ihe prices are agow as q , rope ro Ching and Georgette Crepes materiale
ae Ee es ai Are Used to good Advantage (th DrMUCINe thong

lovely blouses. They're beautifaiy syadp, ape
come (i Manvy, Ree, Fist, Male, Nove, Ante

4 4 00 fs » . eriean Hesuty, Blue, Devil’ and: ater: iovoly
é iO 5 i ( \ shades. A special gathering «at—

$1.15, $1.60, Ma eae se 00; $3,26, $4.00, |
» $4.

STUNNING BLOUSES—NEW ARRIVALS
38.00, $6.80, $7.00 and $8.00

 

 

artivie,

Rbhons to: Make Gifts
lor to Give.

s te ake thinga up to #2 fnonex wide
ep apalr mae ers nandKercnior pockets :
y A rainy see ther coprpleted to your mthd’s f

ig
Saray tese lovely ripbons med} your actual

? Theh there's the lingerie ribpbns and Pee Which Meets All the Exacting Require-
bo Tbbons tn original designs and pol ments of Fashion.

orings a A k, Derore 5 w
he many 3 Christmas we think, uM Among the new style arrivals is A smart walk-
x iw it Pare completly oF a yore ave aling ine Daowewisty & SURRCRSON OF the military —teiza,
ea jred Up 10 $2.00 yard. Modisn and gool, Iooking. It comex jn dark

show" of Vion dep Hsssin cale with B Well sole, (Se anew mlliary Ss * : 4 CHAMOISETTE GLOVES

: UE. Heese feel, blind eyelets and punch. tips. Good Washing Quality

E
sentinel <P eee TT So S| ee \ AD, hey come in Black, White, Grey, Masti
she Hight Before Chisimas Fibre Silk Boot Hose LAS ; co MUL Sates, pop aie bie ih wae

a hese Glovits, palr 88o snd $1.00.

mut bow moans of gun RHO. ARAS 5c and 75c aap: WAITE KID GLOVES .

No, not sat, Rok Miava remain between to-day A For @ Woman's Gift

paacily {5 shapst Have IVs so close, ‘ * topa— ‘ ‘i
ye? Hard tc Se i SAT Thoy’ro made with durabip ~ cotton "tops F Afso are Tan, Nack and Grey ones pf equal
A TTBS Bret ators has ar Bg deiegiter feet Mid toe, od BNKIG—Glastic garter , ‘ qQulity. Sénin plait, oMbers with fancy: hyalte

v 2
. Drigthsess,. be . and come jin 8! Shh Orey, Brown, . od backs and they'ra boxed in Widtvidial Hed-
far Yon saojected tualv jan! pitts, , an cuempague oars, All cing 5 : day faxes, aA SECS at $2.00, a I

 
  
  
 
  
     
  
   
    

    
    
  

 

sfslefefeoeroolstetetesesbololod feces bedebteeeeteleedeb bbb

GREAT SALE OF WAISTS
THIS 1S A GENUINE OPPORTUNITY FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS.

50 Blouses at wholesale prices; al) cotton, such at Taupe—Black,
White, Flesh. Maize, Navy, Grey—no two alike. Qn sale Third Floor

, $5.00 to $15.00
Wool Knit Gloves for Men

Heavy and Warm for winter wear. Both imported and domestic
make, In Grey. Brown, Heather. Khaki Black—made with full wrist

and dome fasteners, @0c to $1.50.

MANY PEOPLE GIVE APRONS FOR GIFTS

And to many people you could not possibly give a gift more sens-

fble or appropriate.
Kitchen Aprons, Bungalow style, 59c, 85c, $1.50.
Maids’ and Tea Aprons, White Lawn, neatly trimmed. 50c, 75e,

$1.00, $1.25, $1.50.

. a e 9
Ladies’ and Children’s Coats
We have nice winter lines in all the popular shades.’ with big
eomfortable collars and belts. Plain colorings seem to be the

 

sfsfotedeoeofofedestesteseceoleoleslesteferfecooleobefesfefeofofsfecfefeouolefecfufaconcfefe

 

 

    

 

 

ites for the ladies. and fancy ecks and mixtures are to be
amongst the lines for children. little girls and boys. junior and misses.
Some outof-style Coats to clear. $2.00 to $4.00.
JAP LAMP SHADES

Bamboo creations, in all colors, for use with electric

c, 40c, 50c, to $5.00.

 
 

light

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  

Work SIMSRORE oon oH oe mecse bee esavnn enn eanns 25c, $1.00 to $4.00

Ferm Baskets ses en = i QE Ee 50c, 75c, $1.00

; BISSELL CARPET SWEEPERS

The bousebold simply can’t get along without one.......- VA.75
$e
ote

‘and $8.00. It brought? us
$10.00 up to $14.00) have

   

  
 
    

So we take dnother dollar
to lower prices yet, but, of ‘course,

      
  
   

t be *

: what it
- FURS
of

 

herlecleriolocdeoforfortoote:

 
   

 

fis atural Rat. Racceon, Opossum, Fox of te
n Seal for who do notcare to buy
ose not caring for the

  
 
    
 

beled

+
-
+

 
 

Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow:
LIMITED. ie +
: 9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave. - +

end in Your Orders to GRANT'S

CENTS

   

A Partial List of
what You Can Get |

SO

 

 

 

 

     
 
  
  
  
   
 
   

Ihe CURRANTS
LO 5) 2) 27 Panera
bs. GRANULATED
1% ths. BROWN SUGAR...
Boxes NEW,.SEEDED RAIS
Packages JEL.

Dozen ORANG
Dozen LEMONS... ee
Can MAPLE LEAF SALMON,......
&-Ib. Pail CORN SYRUP.. on

tb. DALLEY’S COFFEE. -x..
tb. CHASE & SANBORN’S COFFEE.
Boxes POST TOASTIES.. 3;
Boxes CORN FIUAKES.
Bottles MIXED PICKLB:
Boxes... COCGA.
14 Ibs.sPANCY MID =
“Cans CARNATION. MILK......
Quarts CRANBERRIES..:....

 
 
 

 

 

 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 

 

aleseofnten seofobesteceobesteteebesbeteoeotnbeserbofeferoefeted

SOA EDD ee co eto

2

SegEeReeeeee: :
To eee aS se 2 MM

 

 

   

    

Cans 50c
tbs. 50c
Boxes MATC. moe yh eee OD -50¢
Bars SUNNY MONDAY SOAP. ,50c
Bars SUNNY MONDAY COAP. 60c

Bars GOLD SOAP..,....
§ Bars COMFORT SOAP....
Boxes LUXaeetso-. - :

-PROMPT DELIVERY. !

JOHN GRANT

Phone 180_ - - - . Amherstburg

 
 

PaAPMVdse wi Ht

age

:
t
3
:
£
bd

b

:

ES teens eclntedeobebeeobebesberbetesinbetesbofeeh

   

      
 
 
  
 
  
 
   

4

    

 

iA

a a i : se 9 > * eI
Te only authorized VOCATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL In this dis-
‘rict7for RETURNED SOLDIERS. Several attended and. others=.will enter

jn January. ,
Have done NO soliciting. and yet business is the BEST. of all’years—all

because of the wonderful SECCESS of our young people in offices.
Many good positions. FRecontly one lady, fresh from school, at $95, and
i soldier student at $100:60 per month. :
Expect a record-breaker In January. You should jojn us, and get ready
io “do four bit’ in the Big Business Expansion that must come, the next {ew
Sears,
Sehoo! wifl reopen Monday, January 6th, 1919, but rooms will be open
tyery week-day, from 9 a.m. to 4 pan... during, Christmas holidays. Visitus,
if posible. Phone or write. = ~ Lt

~ CADMAN. & SON.

Ostcrhout Block, 19-21 Pitt St. E. Box 187. Phpne 928
Noxt W. E. & L. Ss. Waiting Room. WINDSOR, ONT.

 

 

    
 
   
  
 
 
  
     

We are getting out a delicious lot of CHRISTMAS DAINTIES
for our customers,

Order Your CHRISTUS CAKE TO-DAY

 

    

  
  

sj Strong,

     
 
  
   
    
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
    
  
  

  
    
     

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited .

JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,-~
® President. Sec-Treas.

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13th,

 

 

1918

 

The Dominion Railway Commission
has allowed the Bell Telephone Co. to
increase their rates temporarily.

——

The State of Michigan. has 2,063
new influenza cases. All health offic-
ers have orders to put individual quar-
antine on places infected with the

disease

MAIL SUBSCRIPTIONS MUST
BE PAID IN ADVANCE

 

An order recently issued by the
Canadian Paper Controller requires all
publishers to diacontinue the custom
of. carrying ‘mal! subscribers on their
lists which have expired.

Look at the Date on Your Paper.

WINDSOR AGAIN SOMERSAULTS.

Some one knocked the heads of the
Windsor solons together ‘and let in
new light and now they are again
coming round to the idea that on the
big border water supply project,
Windsor shonldsjoin with the other
municipalities in one comprehensive,
satisfactory scheme. A: few weeks
ago the estimated cost of the project
staggered the city fathers, who decid-
ed wo run their own waterworks and
carry. throwgh any scheme for its 4m-
provement all by their lonesome. This
Was after the city had been working
fn i Mhony roa

 

tie,

Sandwich and Ojibway along a greater
proposition for a combined water sys-
ter. hen the powers that be kicked
over. the, traces and announced that
they were out of the partnershop and
the milion-dollar proposition threaten-
ed to be abandoned on the doorsteps of
the other municipalities, But- once
more the city performed thelr old
stunt of filpflopping, proving that in
ite of the new name of the district:

  
   

 

spit

“Border Citie fe Is still the same

oid Human, le Windsor; which
forty years-has been noted

 

for nearly
for the way it can reneg on every big

question that comes before it.

 

—_———

COUNTY COUNCIL SURVEY.

 

The Lecember session of the Coun-

ty Council always gives the ‘various | referred to the Finance Committee.—Carried. 2

reeves: an opportunity to discuss the
question of’ the coming election, and
the decision of ¢ach as
again “for their respective municipal-
iffés.'This year’s council are almost
unanimous in their decision to try
their Juck before the-electorate, only
four changes béing acheduled. Reeve
Waldron, of Malden ‘thinks he has
served long enough and announces his
ratirement. Reeve, Clark, of Colches-
ter South; Reeve Jasperson, of Kings-
ville, and.Deputy Reeve. Noble, of
Leamington, are “dlso retiring volun-
tarily from the field of municipal poll-
tics Reeve Smith, of “Leamington,
will bither offer himself for the Reeve-
ship or Mayorclty; ‘he nas not fully
made up his mind. Every other reeve
in the county expects to be In the field,
and in several instan @s no opposition
of any kind, has developed, so the
complexion of 1939 council will be
very much the sime as fn 1918, -The
Wardenship by turn’ comes to South
Essex next gear, and a3 Reeve Arm-
of Mersea. js “thefoldest _in
point of service in the county parlia-
ment, he jis already making a strong
canvass far the position,

SE ne

COUNTY STANDS PAT.

 

The County. Council on Tuesday
adopted unanimously a_resolution fav-
oring the tonstruction of the interpro-
vincial , highway by the southern’
route, and a copy of the* resolution
was telegraphed to, Premier Hearst.
Knowing the solidity of the County
Council as a body, this Ought to have
settled the matter for all thinking
men, bat it. didn't. Wednesday noon,
Warden’ McKee was called to the
phone and frantically implored by
some oné.aeting for Windser (Ahem,

excuse us—the Border ane to have

   

ithe county council change \its mind
‘and rescind the motfon. is reply
{hat once, having taken a sensible
stand, the county council did not act
Jike schoolboys, met with the unani-
mous approval of the council and was
warmly applauded. Windsor, by any
other Name, is just as sweet, incon-
stant and Inconsistent as it always has
been, Under the proposed scheme of
adopting the southern route, Atmberst-
burg will benefit by the improvement
of the front road, turn east it Petri-
moulx’s corners and be able“ to shoot
directly through to Montreal, Ob boy’!

Se eee

PELEE ISLAND.

The bulk of the tobacco crop has
left the island and the growers are
now busily engaged. in husking their
corn and getting things lined up for
the winter.

Mr, and Mrs, Thomas. Henderson
will spend the winter in Florida. Mr.
and Mra. Robert Nageleisen will spend
the winter in Sandusky. Other fam-
flles-are moving away forthe winter.
Pelee will be, a lonesome place this
winter.

It ig with much pleasure and grati-
fication that we announce that the
kcollection for Mrs, Matthews, which
was tuken up on the “Pelee” on her
Friday trip to Sandusky, amounted in
all to some $60. Everyone, with a few
exceptions, donated thefr amount,
which in all made the grand total.
After all it is only the little kindness-
es in life that count. Take a handful

     
  
  
    

 

 

 
 
 

small particles, but

‘happen

lives comes on us thet
Samaritans: will
hand and tide us over the

} places,

on.

   
 
    
  
 
   
    

ing J. G. Kerr, K. C,, barrister,

ownship for’many years and has
deéided elections, bo!
DP mentary, so —
‘the people become
‘rights in this matter.
ee Wee © ‘pense

the

THE ECHO |

to offering |~

  
  
     

    
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
     
        
  

  
     
   

  
   
 

of sand on the seashore, they are all
they makeoau
beach, and we hope that if any of us
to be without the means of
livelihood when the December of our
some good
give us a helping
rough

The fight to save Fishing Point is
At the last meeting of the coun-
Jel a resolution was passed {nstruct-
of
Chatham, to begin proceedings against
the owners of Fishing Point for an
| injunction, damages and such othor|Co
|} matters as the case demands, “This is} commerce comm
*/ib connection with the gradual are
jing away of part of Pelee Island by
| American sandsuckers, Tho question
how agitated the ratepayers of; the
evi
| municipal aa
dotermined have
;: tain ~ their

"ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL.
~ County Council Chamber. ~
Sandwich. December Sth, 1918.

Council met at 2 p.m, in special session.

Ral called. All membéra present but Messrs. Jasperson, Hart and Clark.

Rihutes of the last day of June session were read.

On motion, minutes adopted as-read.

Communications. :

Frm the Navy League of Canada, asking for a grant to the League.

Frm the Y. M. © A., asking for the grant promised in May to the
Y,M. A

From W. A. MacLean, Deputy Minister of Highways,
of the Provincial County Roads Regulations

Fom C. J. Hedrick, Manager of the Tilbury West Telephone System,
claimirg damage to poles on the Middle Road east of the Big Creek bridge
in Tiihury West Township.

Order of the Dominion Railway Board. ordering protection at the M. C.
Nailyay crossing on the Naylor Side Road.

From Aiird Miers, P. M, notifying the County that he had committed
Josephine Richard and Angelique Lauzon to the Industria) School, and that
the County wowld be Mable for their maintenance.

The presentment of the Grand Jury was read to the Council.

From the Clerk of the County of Frontenac, enclosing memorial re
abolition of tities in the Dominion.

From the Clerk of the County of Peterborough. asking Essex County to
petition the Legislature to refund to the counties the moneys collected for
gultomobile Meenses. *

From the Clerk of the County of Waterloo, asking Essex County’ to
nemorialize the Legislature to apply the principles of “Economical Admin-
istration.”

A. Stenizaon, re account for repairing Baptiste Creek bridge.

Chatham Board of- Education, for maintenance of Essex County pupils
at the Collegiate Mstitute, $223.15.

Inspector of Prisons and Public Charities, conveyance of prisoners to
yeformatories for quarter ending June 30th, 191S, $250.96.

W. J. Deugias & Co. supplies for janitors, $1.90. >

Echo Printing Co., stationery for Crown Attorney, $18.50.

John Crichton. hauling dirt for wing walls gnd gravelling grade to Cedar
Creek bridge, 20 per cent. payable by Colche#fer South, $21.00.

Dominion Office Supply Co., 1 Gaol Register for Gaol. $19.75.

William Walker, repairing gate in Gaol yard)-$90:36. ~

Township of Mersea, repairs to grade at Point Pelee Creek bridge, 70
per cent. payable by the County, $80.00. "

A petition was received and read signed by Alex. Smith and 13 others.
asking the County to appoint Arbitrators to establish a Union School at. or
near Arner, and for such purpose to alter, rearrange as necessary the
ether Public School Sections, including the Union School Sections involved,
narticularl: nion School Section No, 18.
on: fnéApoy MP munictiow stunts eieewere Telerred to
their respective committees, “

Moved. by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Smith, that we, the members
of the Essex County Council in special session assembled, do unanimously
cppose the Longwooa road as the Provincial Highway, and we do unanimously
agree and urgently request-that the road by way of St. Thomas, Dutton, West
Lorne, Rodney, Ridgetown, Blenheim, ete., be designated as the Provincial
Highway.—Carried unanimously. :

. Notices of Motion. 5

Mr. Plant. that he will, on Tuesday, introduce a by-law-to confirm By-laws
Nos. 742 and 762 of the’Municipality of Maidstone. +

Mr. Wyatt, that he will, on Tuesday. introduce a by-law to borrow money
for current expenditure, ,

On motion, the following delegations addressed the members of the
County Council: — :

Capt. Cole, of the Merchant Marine; J.B. McLeod and T? Mercer Mor-
ton, of Windsor, asking for a frant to the Navy League of Canada.

A. R. Bartlet, Major Smich, Col. E. S, Wigle, O. E. Fleming, Mr, Geant,
in the ifterests of the Y..M.C. A. \

FE. A. Cleary, W. C. Kennedy, M.P., M. McHugh, ©, J. Montreuil, J. Robinet
and M. N. Mousseau, in the interests of thé Catholic Hut Association.

Moved by Mr. Keck, seconded by Mr. Noble, that the above request be

 

enclosing copies

   
  

 

Council adjourned to reassemble to-morroweat 10 a.m.
SECOND DAY. « 1
. Thursday, December 10th, 1918.
Council met at 10 a.m :

Roll called. All members present but Messrs. Clark, Ducharme, Jasper-
son and Chauvin. : .
Communications.

From George Harris and 14 others, asking the County Council to appoint
“arbitrators to form a new Union School Section ‘atsArner and to alter, and
ce-arrange, if necessary, the other Public School Sections, particularly School
Section No. 15 >

From-the Rural Municipal Association, inviting the County to join their
Association. ies

The Treasurer presented.a statement of indebtedness, and the amounts
to be paid by December 20th, 1918; statement of the County with the dif-
ferent municipalities, also statement of Receipts and Expenditures for the
year,

‘ Bills and Accounts. a s

Acme Hardware Co., supplies for janitors; $64:42. z ys

J. L, Ferguson, hack hire for taking-patients from Leamington to, Hotel
Dish wear. ae %

‘ownship of Gosfield Nonrttr, repairs to County bridge ov
Ruscomb, $46.60. eu A 5 | " : wes

On motjon, the“Wbove communications were referred to their respective

committees. . j

River

,) ‘ Notices of Motion.
-R. Rocheleau, that he will, this afternoon, ask for a grant to’ repair the
srade over the Cunard River on the Anderdon and Sandwich West townline.”
On motion, H. J. Neal, T. J. McConnell aif@ F. W. Johnson addresseq the
tmembers asking for a grant to the Salvation Army for the»buyifg of a site
for building an hospital in the City of Windsor. =| =o
Moved by Mr. Smith, seconded by Mr. Scratch, that the request of the
Salvation Army be referred to the Finance Committee,—€arried,
Counc}! adjourned to allow committees to meet and réassemble at 1 p.m.
ba AFTERNOON SESSION. .
Counc! reassembled as per adjournment: 1
Roll ca
son and Cl

   
 

auvin. 2
Notice of Motion. ‘. .
Mr--Tellier,.that he will, to-morrow, introdude-a by-law to appoint arbitra-
tors to form am-w school section at Arner. 3
Reports of Committees.
The Education Committee presented their report.
Moved by Mr.Mohnston, seconded by Mr. Tellier, that the. report of the
Education Committee be adopted.—Carried.
The Lecislation and Petitions Committee presented their report.
Moved by Mr, Wyatt, seconded by Mr, Webster, that the’ report of the
Legislation and Petitions Committee be adopted.—Carried. it
. Order of the) Day.
* Moved by R. Rochelean, seconded by D, Rochéjeau, that a grant be given
ee and the game be referred’ to the Road and Bridge Committee.—
arried. Y : at :
Council adjourmed to allow committees to. meet and reassemble at 10
a.m. to-morrow ‘ s : MN "
? THIRD DAY.
Wednesday, December 1ith, 1918.
Council} met at 16/a.m. ;
Roll called. All \nembera present but Messrs, Clark atid Jasperson.
_Minutes of TuesQay ware read. :
On motion, minutes were adopted as read.
- : Communications. " >
From the City Clerk of Toronto, asking the County of Essex to memorial-
ize the Legislature’ t6 abolish the Provincial War Tax. :
From the Treasuter of the Township of Malden, 75 per cent. of the cost
of grayelling the County grade on-the Pike-Road, $95.33. ©
The Warden presented his report. °
The following bylaws were read,a first time:
A by-law to borrgy7 $29,000 for current expenditure, -
a by-law confirming By-laws Nos. 742 and 767 of the Township of Mald-
8) nay 7 =
ka. e by-law to appoint Atbitrators to form a new Union School Section at
Arner. « *
Counei! adjourned to
dinner.

 

 

Allow. committees. to meet, and reassemble after

AFTERNOON SESSION.

Council-met as per adjciirnment. , 3 ih

Roll called. All-membfs present but Messrs. Clark and Jasperson..

The Road and Bridge Committee presented their-report. — “

Moved by Mr. Plan}, seconded by Mr. Wyatt, that the report of the Roa
and Bridge Committee he adopted,—Carried. :

ane Geol Coe presented their report. :

Moved by Richara yfeKee, seconded E. F. D :
of the Gann Comeaittegne ges eooondes By, poniliara, that the report

The Highways Committee. presented their report. ‘ .

Moved by Mr. Plant; seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of. the
Highways Committee he adopted.—Carried. . % ge:
Council adjourned to allow committees t
kunci whuduileh aro o mect and reassemble at : p.m.
The Finance Comittee preagnted their report, and was read a firat tim
On motion, all russ were suspended for the despatch of business. s
aap he ee ort was read a second time, aa

d b . urme, seconded by Mr.
Finance Committee be ‘opted. Carried, eG Nona agian ng

On motion, the counvn want into

reading of the by-laws, Mr. Armstri
By-laws were read te ee

! 4 Sond time, clause by clause, and the  binnks

   

   
   
   
   
  
  

    

      
    
    
  

  

   

  

filled in. -
peel bate f one
y-laws read a third time, b :
“Council adjourned sine dic. aiken pareel ee

   

 

  
 

  

 

—— ——

The American Ratlway Express| Tho by-Inw providing fora fixed
y has applied to the interstate |.ssessment for Gia Branter Mond is
ion at Washington |po)ished forsthe first time on pago 2

¢ eral ap by th week, Tho votes of the qualified
{the Canadian 'clectors witfibe taken on thig: hy-law

y

‘anadian Northern |on thogih of Ja :
_ the Western jno dou wil get behind. aod

Ye ha 5 own,

 

for nuthority |
‘ing to or from
Express Co

SEPP EEE PEEP E PPP E EPP

     
  
  

   
  
   
   
  
  
 

  
    
  
      
    
  
  

hdeveloped Into pleurisy, and the birth

 
  

a loving disposition, and was loved

mourn her early demisé a sorrow-
stricken

daughters—Vida, aged 7; Dora, aged
6, and) Loraine, aged 3.

lied. All members present but Messrs. Ducharme, Clark, Jasper-|the same grave with {ts mother. She
also Jeaves her

brothers and one slister—Patrice and

 
 

    
  
 

ofAnderdon, and Philomene, of Sand-

   
  
   
    
  
   

“}the “pallbearers being Henry Delisle,

  
  

.o repair tie @fad@® oyer the Canard River on the Anderdon-Sandwich West}

 
   
 

 

|Ment, pet
6rant, have statute labor of every rate-

      

‘differentyconcessions of this benutiful

     
   

 

     
     
   
  
    
   
  

|for- the next 10 years, and tis for

committee of the wholé for the second) ‘that all will vote

‘law. All interested will have an Or

    

‘ladies we

” Deember is here again and
GETTHE JEWELER.

GILJETTE'S RAZORS—SWAN

to seare best selections.

_

DALHOUSIE STREET.
: len

 

cr

; >) Rae
the Christmas problem must very

soon.) solved, and when you are solving that problem DON'T FOR-

POCKET WATCHES—WRIST WATCHES
BROOCHES—Solid Gold and Gold Filled
NEGKLETS—Solid Gold, Gold Filled and Pear!

GOLD RINGS—Diamond, Pearl, Cluster, Signet
SILVER TABLE WARE—Knives, Forks, Spoons, etc.
* TOILET WARE—Parisian tvory, Ebony
CcuT GLASS—Many beautiful pieces
CLOCKS—Mantel, Kitchen, Dresser and Alarm
JEWELRY—Tie Pins, Cuff Linke, Chains, etc.

PENS—EVER SHARP PENCILS *

CHINA, etc. ote.,
‘Are al suitable for beautiful and lasting gifts. Buy carfy in order

HALSEY PARK

Next Door to Molsons Bank.

AMHERSTBURG, ONT,

 

 

 

ANDERDON.

Four of the family of Joseph Du-
four, 7th concession, are down with in-
fluenza.

The bfg ation sale of furniture at
the Amhers House, Amherstburg, is
today (Friday), beginning at 10 am.

Isaac Vollins, an aged- resident of
Sandwich South, father of Henry Vol-
lang, {s_in a wry oritical condition,
‘The Ladies’ Auxillary of Anderdon
wills RAU~ar wWactiont salo of threo
quilts and six mats at Ray Jones’, 4th
concession, oa Thursday evening, De-
cember 20th.

Big auction sale of furniture, stoves,
tables, kitrien outfit, etc, ot the
Amherst House, Amberstburg, to-day
(Friday), beginning at 10, o'clock in
the forenpon. :

There will be no services at Trinity
church on Sunday afternoon. The
eharch will open again for services on
Sunday, the 22nd. -The Spanish in-
fluenza has almost disappeared from
Anderdon township,

Do you know that J. J. Sinclair's
store, Amherstburg, is the real Santa
Claus toy headquarters for boys and
girls, also games; fancy ~chinaware;
fancy goods. leather goods, etc), Come
in and make your Christmas selec-
tions,

Selling Out.—Every article in the
store sacrificed. Come here for your
Christmas presents. mufflers, col-
lars, cuffs, caps, hagdkerchiefs, hair
ribbons, childrens’ dresses, shoes, &c.

‘The Working Men's Frigpd. Crimmins

Block, Amherstburg.

Miss Winnifred Elliott, of Port Hope.
who has been teaching atthe quarry
school since September, has re-
pigned and will take a position on the
staff of the St. Catharines Public
school after Christmas. Miss Laura
Pentland will succeed her, and the
beautiful 2ew.modern school, built on
the site donated by the Brunner,
Mond, will be opened with the new
year.

A gloom was cast over this vicin-
ity Friday morning when it was made
known that Mrs, Dolphis Beneteau
had passed away at an early hour that
morning. She was taken ill twelve
days before with influenza, which later

Of.a baby girl Friday morning brought
the end. Her maiden name was Lucy
Cousineauw, and she was~ married to
Mr. Beneteau some nine years ago
this coming January. Deceased had

by all who knew her; she was only
twenty-seven years’ old, and leaves to
husband and three little
Her infant
baby having died also, was buried in

mother and three

Dolphus, of Sandwich-West: Raymond,

wich West, and a half-sister. Mra. La-
frambolse, of Sandwich., The funeral,
which was .private, was held Satur-
day morning to McGregor. cemetery,

C, Lamirande, Arthur Beneteau, Ern-
est Charette, Ovila Charette and Alex.
Drouillard. Sincere sympathy is ex-
tended to the bereaved families. -
Barlow & McCormick grocery stock
is: being Sold out at cost. Many use-
ful’ articles, cases, barrels, etc; suit-
able for farmers, Included.

Loisellevilic.

The*rain and thunder storm of Tués-
day night made one believe he was in
July, but, oh no, we are in December,
and: the*10th. Lightning does not
néed- good roads to travel through the
alr, neither@the rain, but“when this
last ‘element Of nature strikes the
Anderdon clay, it makes its inhabi-
tants wish they were gratified with
a system of paved roads, and more 80
realize its importance at this time of
the year, when s0 much hauling is to
be done. Business will be -paralyzed
for many days, even if Jack Frost does
come to our rescue, 48 we know they.
will be rough, To travel on such
roads one would believe he was on the
rocky road to Dublin, Ireland. Why
not wake to this fuct, start a move-
ion the Government for a

  

   

    
   
   
   
 

  

    

payer applied to this end, hauling sand
and gravel on these) rads, and in a
few years you could all fravel on the

   

section of the county every day and
every month of the year.—The Brun-
ner, Mond Canada, Utd., are about to

 
       

vote on a by-law to hive a fixed asseas-
ment of $360,000 en their. properties
for the next10 yen's, this exclusive of
chool and local fiprovement taxes,
The Brunner, Mond Co. are not like
all concerns of the kiifl,, aaking for,
an -exemtpion of taxes for 1! years,
but are willing to be asgessed $50,000

 

    

the Denefit of the township. Wehope
in favor of this" b>

portunity to understand the meanini

of this by-law before voting day, W

coming té the mass:

will be held-in- the auditorint ate
church on Thursday evening, Decem
ver Prag 2 Feo imposing ceremony tool
cae loseph's church, Loiselle

of tho Blessed Vice wane
5 rmed by the mi

fone hundred tn nut

ite, _ march

 

   
 
   
 
     
 

  

  
   
  
 
  

  
   

  
      
   
    
      
   
     

 
 

Deretofore par

  
 

 

   
    

 

   

  
  
    
   

ask the ratepayers of _Anderdon to}

ee

the Town Hall, Harro
to appoint persons to nd as
polling places and at the

of tho votes by the Gtork
Dersons interested in and

Aro the Passing of this

Colehester South

OMcer for the purpose Of tak
he shall attond’ at tho To

on Tuesday, tho 7t

evening, when 22 young

Lolselle, before proceeding at their
reception, admonished them and re-
called to their mind the importance of
the step they were about to make.
All answered to the call, and the cere-
mony took place, during which the
old members sang “Je I’ai jure”. There
was then avery appropriate allocution
preached by the pastor. Their hearts
filled with piety and love for their
blessed mother, old and new mem-
bers marched and grouped themselves

Wile sti Mage tha-mothes
of God; and se end ma cousonne,

je te la donne, an Ciel nu jour tu me
la rendras,” and withdrawing wreaths
were deposited at the foot of the
statue, Benediction of the Blessed
Sacrament ended the ceremony. Those
present will long remember this even-
ing of the Sth of December.—A new
wave of influenza seems to be com-
ing from eastern Ontario. Let us be
on our guard. According to reports
and numbers*of casualties, its form
is not so mild. At present in the
parish all, we know to. be down wit.
the “Grippe” is Alex. Laframboise's
family, of the 6th concession, Sand-
wich West.—A number of farmers liv-
ing on the .3rd concession, Anderdon,
and on the Malden Road, Sandwich
West, are intending to take advantage
of the Hydro power, by using same for
light and cooking purooses. ~Gez to
work, have your house wired and pre-
sent your wife with an electric range
as her Christmas present. She will
be smiling the balance of her life.

 

 

 

A BY-LAW to authorize the issue of De-
bentures of the Township of Colches-
ter South, in the County of Essex, to
the amount of $10,000.00 for the. pur=
pose of paying the Municipality's share
of the cost of the new bridge over
Cedar Creék and the cost of p
ing and fencing the Gravel Pit, and
the balance to be epent in improving
the roade of Colchester South.

 

Provisionally: adopted {
December, 1918. . : se ape

Where the proportion of the cost of
the bridge over Codar Creek chargeable tw
the Municipality of Colobester South
ounts to the sum of 83.090, 7, and whereas

 

im ~

Mrs. George McLean amounts to $1,125.

    

And whereas the Municipal Council o!
Township of Colchester Routh are onthe
Opinion that the roads of said
ity should be improved,

Therfore the said Municipal fo
Colchester South enacts: : wounelleer

(1) That the balance of the $10,
and above the cost of the Cedhr acres
bridge to be borne by the Municipality,

 
 

and the cost ofthe graye! pit, shall be spent

on improving the roads.

:
(2) That ithe Reevé of the sasi Munici-
pality’may borrow on ‘the Credit eli
Corporation of the said Township the sum
of $10,000 and may issue debentures of the
Comar Hage x8 pnoude in sums of not
each ar
ee +e et “date of aan saben tareae
i Nterest at the rate of 6 oe
per annum, that is to say, in 10! pee
aymen aid Debentures to be pay"
able atthe Impérial Bank, Harrow. .

(3) It shall be lawful for the Reeve of
the said Municipality and he is hereby auth-
orized-and instructed to sign and {ssue tho
said Debentures hereby authorized to be
issued and to cause the same to be signed
by the Treasuror of the said: Township, and
the Clerk jis hereby rized to attach
the seal of the said Municipality to the
said Debentures, . ae

 
 

 

   

(4) Thero shall be ra.sed. and IéVied an=|

nually by a special rato on the whole rate-
ane eae ice te of Colches-
clent sum to discharge
Several instal ae whe
terest accru
same may bee:

ts of principal, and” in-
etfs Saban as
c] jo as
ularly set foun
And.wheress it will be-tec in order

thereté that the assent of the auly qu
electors of the said Township ot tal neater
South first be obtained.

And awhereas the amount of the whole
rateablo property of the Township of Col-
chester South according to the last re.

vised Assessmend K
784,229" nb Holt 15, the sum of #41

Ald Whereas’ the antount of
pevereare fea of the said reer ip
dive of local umpruy i
S47,772.41 thd incipal
arrears. 3
shall tako effect and como
‘from and after tne final

  

oe
the wala i}

‘owWnship of Colchester South for
and _sgainst Sald- D;
on Monday, the 6th dn het eetrire

thereo!
vi

of January, 1019,

from the hour of 9 o'ciock in the forenoon

Until the hour of 5
Rtrdieplane, o'clock in the afternoon

Db;
@Mcers ahd “Poll cho
Ned, that 1s to say;

Polling Sub-Div. No. 1—Dej uty Réeturnii
Toni
7)

  
  

 

OMmeer, A. T. Mu i wi
qiisr Ebi oll Clerk,
peulng 5 b-Div.* No, 2—Depu
cer, George Cor H jerk,
Porry Wrigittes eet Go Gt

Polling Sub-Div. No. 8—Deputy Returnt
OMmeer, ; rn
ames. Calvin Ter; Poll cia donn

Polling Sub-Diy. No. 4— y Retu
Dee, ain ler; voll Bhak, a }

*.(5) On Saturday, th .
1918, the Reaves othe s Cy
Colchester th shal

12-01

  

  
 
  
   
  
     

rt a

(6) The’ Clerk of the sald

Shall be th

thé cost of the gravel pit purchaded from,

Municipal- ~

 

Said Debentures”

      
  
       
       
   
 

(ex, =
ds tue sum
Principal or interest .

if. -
fa of the qualified electors of ~

the Deputy Returning”
rks bereinafter specks &

ty Returning —

  
  
 
    
    
  
 
 

  
    
         

   
    
  

   
  
   
      
   
 
   
   
 
   

    
   
  
    
   

    

  

  
   
 

   
   
   
   

      
    
     
 

      

   
 
  
   
     
 

 

  
 
   
  
   

  
 

~~

   
  
   
    
   
      
      
 

 

  
   
 

    
    
     

  
   
  
 
  
 
   

 

 

       
 
 
   
 
 
   
         
  

 

  
 
   
 
  
  
 
      
     
     
      
   

Monday,-December 2nd,

Councfi Mst in regular session.
The minites of the last regular and

By Lighting Pens Till 9 p.m. Egg
special meting were: yead and, ony

_ Production Nearly Doubled, | $20) Mopted as read.

John peaudoin made application to,

Rae. Ge unisKea bea the coune! for a loon Under the Tile
¢ ymyp and Cure of Ring- Drataage Ast far $800 on part Lot 1,

worm Explained—As It Is Very Con. 3
Coningious the Stockman Must On qiotion, the application was ae-
Take Great. Precautions. to Pre- {cepted and the reve authorized to

 

 

  

 

  

 

    
  
            

 

 

 
 
 
 

Massey-Harris Agency |

          

- vent Its Spread, sign the debentures for the loan, and
» also for those of H, Barney and Steph-
AMHE SGontrib ee y cutario Dapare ent of jen White. 4
~ ‘e, Toronto. Moved by Messra. Deslippe and Bar- j
RSTBUR G, ONTARIO OSTLY everybody who, ts ee CT er areint Sa be Sea a } ars
: keeping poultry wants. to oon Se ronors. Barnett and Des-) 9 the best flavored and the moat
get eggs In winter. Gener- | jjppo, that the council pay halt of the| ever offered for sale. 6508

    
   
  

ally speaking, the number {cot of placing 236 loads of grave) on 5
of eggs gradually gocs down.from | the 4th con. road, londs to contain 14! But you | On getting the

aris of gravel and Mr. Hedges be = 23
week to week from September to ve commissioner to overlook the job. Must Insist Genuine om

January and then there fia slow but | —carricd. :
DRUGLESS HEALERS PRO’
@

 
 
      
     

gradual increase until March, April Milmer Agia presented a petition Se
and May, which in Ontarlo are the signed by himself and others asking | CANADIANS “KISSEO0”

 
 

 

  
  
   
     

 

   
  

     
 

hee! for & new Union school section to be WAY INTO MONS * f
t months for exg production. formed at Arner. Faced With the prospect of ha
g It is unusual, nnd in most casos Moved by Mesars. Desiippe andj Uncensored Letter Tells of Army's|their right to priictice out oft or.

hedged about with statutory déemn

aa to eliminate many of thom, “dru
less healers” of the province sent
small army of representatives befor
the Government to protest against
tain parts of the proposed. Mé
Act, based upon, the report of Ji
Hodgins, the medical commis:
Up to_the present the medical p
sion, as previously recognized,
steadfastly refused to recognize the.»
drugloss, healers. Since the court;

however, have held that the restrictive,

   
 
     
  
  
 
  
  
   

very unwise, to publish figures in re- | Barnet. that the matter be referred to} Triumphant March.

gard to experiments until "the me-]} the County Cousel!—Carried.
y ms Moved by Messrs. McLean and Bar In an uncensored letter, dater No-

teria] has been very thoroughly tesi-| 46. that the following accounts be| Vember Jett, received Friday by Cus-
ed, but in this particular caso, con-{ pysd;—3i8 to J. H. Madill, to pay toms Officer. Raymond Fournier,” of
sidering the high, cost of feeds and | members of court of revision on the Windsor, Sergeant Frank Grint, of the
tho general scarelly of now lald eggs, | Bayliss drain by-law; $25 to John Ar-/©Snadian Motor Transporticorps, tells

t : ‘ - go5)/of the Canadians’ entry into M
Seared sv fa ._|ner, grant to Ontario Corn Show; $25]? y into Moxs.
@ giving the figures on a rather to Johm Day, bridge allowance on Hy-} Lhe letter is the first to came from

short test of but’ four weeks’ dura- 7 .
tion, The results} iasaid Be ee man drain; $20 to Gore Pastortus, part] France, it Js belleved, without having
erally true in all pens tested and are | Paymest erence ate sravall pits see rare ritieaineinagtees Ee
{n accord with reguits obtained elsc- | t° Oliver Agila, Work on Bailey-Affleck | &280r-

+ ih alee; drajn; $08,to Jolin Lerabee, for scrap- Sergeant Grant, who drove the duto-

a

 

 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  

      
    
  
  

 
 
 
      
 
    

   

When you think of HIGHGRADE IMPLEME
you- think of L, PILON Musserctiares

  

       
     
  
   
   
  
      

     
   
  
    
 

    
   

  

    
    
  

  
    
  
  
  
  
  

Agent. He is at your-servi i
y ice at all times, wimne increase injogg yield has been-| {Ng Toms; $50 to Charles Lyppm for/ ome In which General Sir Artur i clau tthe. _prasant_ vel Dar
aheep IkiPed by doge natnown Fito Currie, the sOamadian- coffmandérAe- [licens ractitioners using druge the
Modical Council has not been able to

obtained _bi tise elggtric
18, or P) Wing the ae Aja Stephens, for sheep killed by dogs} “Fed the Belgian city one hour after
facts of the matter appear tb be that unknown; £22.50 to D. Ferriss, tor the advance guird ‘of’ the Dominion

shewp killed by dogs unknown; $7.5¢ troops, writes that the inhnbitants of

 
   
 
  
  

   
    
   
     
 
 
  

Interfere with the drugless” healers.

Now is e@ ti y srnentis f . . 3
Ww it th ime to buy Imple THe His or next year at this yeas 5} pricés. aa’
Now the situation fs changed. — Jus-)

telling what may happen in the Springseaeso nffn Steel is feline sent overseas to

   
    
      
 
    

     
  
      

 
    

    
      
     
      
    
    

 

 

   

     
         
    
     

 
 
   

 
 

  
      
      
       
      
     
     
     
       
 

 

 

 

 

 

         
     
    
       
                   
   

 

   
   
  
 
     
        
     

 
    

 

 

 

 

 

    
  

 

   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
        
  
    
          
  
     
          
    
         
       
        

—_ build up the ‘war-deyastated co ies ; : yj
J f ed untries. Ensur | fud : a hen’s crop is top small a reservoir . nore
S Unsure prompt delivery by ordering early. to hold suffctent! feed for the long rary Lyprs. ie entre BHCC [Se rate aol cea eee aoe uae Bodsing proposes ” new defini-
For Spring—W ler y “ole + 3 - night. A hen, ta lay, must have «killed by dogs unknown, .60 to v ‘om rule of the) tion of “practice of medicine, which
Spring—We offer you the celebrated Fleury, Wilkinsow and~ Massey-Harrls surplus of feed ofer and above that | Jolin Deslippe, $10 inspecting drains Bi i covers all branches of healing, "The
Plows—the best buy on the market, required for body/maintenance. andi $1.50 valuing sheep killed by dogs | ,, a bbe diMicult to drive throught the | chief effect of it will be to compel os-
s In these pafticblar trials, the re-|unlknawn; $55 to James Gerard, dam-|/.*9" Decause of the people wanting} teopaths to take extensive medical
D to kiss ev 2 : 5
—— aulta of which art given below, the | ages and bridge allowance onthe Lit- o kiss every one of us. Flowers were | training in subjects which they hold
lights were turned 6n at dusk and |jtie drain; $18 to Thomas Horniman, alow arse from the windows of the|serve them little in osteopathic treat-
M H ° . 4 were ‘turned off at nine o’clock at || for performing st-tute lebor for par- usin ene places, while» women’ sobbed | ment. Less\imposing in numbers, but
assey o ‘arris rills, night. The birds fet their firet feed | tles charged on roll. pas jelr thanks to the Cayadian gen-|equally determined, were the Chrig- ~~
: + in the morning at) geven o'clock and Council adjourned to ceet agitin on tN Tt 4 surely was an.4nspiring| tian Scientists, who appeared to press
Cultivators : Harrows : few dull mornings require: lights || the 16th inst. ot 10 am. Sette ee ene our of meme’ be AN HA jrooaie
’ 2 or about one hour. LL pen worth while,” the ser-fthe, tenets of their fa) jeft-oni
The usual feed) of grain given at EL ae a Sean’ wrote, ‘ turbed; in other words, to plead that
“an about four to five o'clock in the after- | The Imperial Munitions Board, un-] —Demobilization at L the(r healing {8 religious, rather than
d Rollers are not noon Is migged or! only a handful or |der whose auspices a gregt business| Western Ontario hie a ofatis niedjcal. Thé Ontario Medical Coun-
out-classed or du b rl two of grain is given to twenty-five jin munitions of war hes* been built) proceeded with as rapidly gatthe ing cll Also -sent representatives, not soy
© raail- birds, simply to Keep them moving] uj, is to cease manufacturing opera-| creasing requiremer < much to press definite demands as to_
a lite. The full feed is givenat | tama within th 10 dey: erm its of the service |}keop an eye upon the progréss of
ity efficienc and p 4 about eight o'clock SEE Ce Pak eh chnee aoe [inte bacgs Aube teh neste [events e
x z a 7 4 2 D sbanded. iM ‘
5) y rice The following results have been | comtracts’ for the American Govern-| COMpanieg will be giullariy! teat te a he Sas ed
- secured:— ment, avili be wound up on Saturday|#¢ once. The strength has*been re- i &
ee | gist, while British contracts will 6nd| duced to 250, exclusive of men absent) i Tho. striking plumbers af London
Their Low Down 3 3 ie CO 12 j}on the a inst. While inevitably 0)? harvest leave, and matructions wagner aa. eee ab. perenne
J tO © ° oO 0 © |lconslderable displacement of Jabor|}tave been jssued= from headqua : te
| : 2 ‘* = j} will result from the suspending ¢ op-j that no furthér! disc! os will “be :
: ‘ : x Bs = Aischarges will *
and High Up, Wide BS fg og |irauins, ts extent of Ie wl ho aim |ranced tor foi dayn without eped'| ot Commoan mcancien Will BOE Be
ho ss La 240 = lin was anticipated. Big earnings on! Jal sanction. Two compantes will be | |
5 BieLea ieee 2 et = | otove-work Havel placed Mmostior thal hala: topothen until: te ‘wor ¢) held, the; Government considering —
Spread os 3 munition, men in a position to stand| mobilization is completed. cane Ot TheAleanclaetare tn ne fine eee
. ga 2 = ey = ~ [for a considerable ‘time gny Jack of] ficers ware granted leave pending dis-|and Glenga one A the te
M ] y Baa A r a = phe ae Mains Geen the} charge. They tre Lieuts. H. Es Mit- | members, Go). Sam Sharp anit Jokibs
fe) closing down of the ants, but inj chell, F SN. 3 > = ‘2 % §
anure Ee cong, dom of tne, Planta, at a) che, Brazel N,Mamphy, MOF 1. Marin, died, and ta” Ausingbll Om
- ‘ , = ar) og + yy Gs Tu
3 Spreaders Tae 3 =~ a 2 > = other lines of industry. H A Morrew-and WMeCaribbelt. lithe gounte ® ato
oD ‘ ‘ K
‘ ' 2 ey os “i
, foo ” + on o : & “4
: She = sefesfacforferfocfocsoofeolecfeoloefeofeolocleclecfenfecfeafecloefoefeotenfeslecfoese
are the best on the aoe ee ee bef fool ooforontostoolenteolecfoolefenbefoabechofonforfenfoen eer}
- r i 7 “ 4 . :
; BM2-9R eR «anced, *% ica om “ ens a
~ market. a SE Be :82 eg ea~ : + : : ewe
‘ r , bg. GEBCES AE Abeer: |4 2 % yy wal Fas = eo:
“ i Cet eee an: a a * «
‘ - = se -seaue amt 4 \
The Massey-Harris Harvesting Implements save time—save horses—save repair = Za = ose =. a ah: 4 i 1S mas x * ul hil ul e
Wills and twine. °Nothing on the market like their celebrated Binder: = weee827 $3 Sus “a ~ :
i §  s<28<55r3 B28 , Pe? Jt. te, cee
Prepare to save next year’s.crop by installing a TORONTO SILO. ce $o°"e = Aas : » 4 3 a
i ‘ 4 AD »

 

 

 

 

i

  

Equip your barns with Beatty Litter Carriers, Satis and’ Stanchions, and, top it
off with a Beatty Haying Outfit to take care of your hay in a hurry in Harvest time.

GAS ENGINES and TRACTORS a Specialty

There are many people keeping f
poultry who have no e\@ttric lights.
Fair to good results have been se-
@ured elsewhere by using ordinary
barn lanterns, The danger of fire
when using Janterns jg inatcrially in-
cyeased, We have not tested these as
yet but hope to have them under way}:
soon. For electric lighting we use
three ordinary bulbs for a pen of one
hundred birds, or one light in a
twenty-five bird pen,—Prof, R. W.
Graham, 0. A. College, Guelph.

THE PERMANENT GIFT *

%

Critical Buyers will look first
at our line of

Rockers,-Easy Chairs,
- — Children’s Chairs,
+> Children’s - Sets, :

~ Kiddies Cars”
Kindergarden Sets .
> Cribs

Express ‘Wagons,’ &c..

sei She Would Appreciate a

Tea Cart, Writing Desk, Floor Lamp, Sewing Tray or Reading Lamp

 

 

    
      
      
   
   
        
     
  

See us about it if iS Farm Implements ———

L. V. PILON

* “RAMSAY STREET, AMHERSTBURG.

y
‘ “3 iL ; a

   

 

 

  

Ringworm.
Ringworm 18 4 contagious disease
to which all Glasses of animals, and
sn, arg subjecl,
Calves and young cattle appear ta
ae aa = be zee susceptible to the trouble
TE = than other aniinals, but no age ren;
Ss a - MANY ENEMIES IN PROVINCIAL’ POLICE ders an animal Smmune. It ja purely

Cl 5 r nd Pr i * SHADOW OF GALLOWS PAY THEIRGOWN WAY tn skin disease, and is due to the
eaning a essing. PY London, December 5th —Sir Auck-! Fines Secured More Than Met Ex-

prosanca aah: , Vegetable - parasite,
% which is rea capable of being con-
~ |Jand Geddes, President of the Local pensey for the Past Year. veyed from ohecan leat era by
‘ +! Government. Board<and Minister of = direct contact, the bands of the’ at-
Wher you want "your sult * \ National ‘Service, In a public address;} It's not often that a police force 18) tendant, pails, stitble utensils, cloth-
dé hand it to us.and * | safd@etiat the Ine of policy advocated | a source of revenue. but since the On-|ing, harness, saddles, blankets, the
epee *\ py the Coalition Government was a) tario Temperance Act wont upon the | contant of one animal with tho stalls,
let ust use the %| peace which, so’ far as the enemy] statute books the Provincfal Police} etc., of affected finimals, etc, In like
+ | powers were / concerned, ehauld bel Fores haa heen more than able to| manner, curry-combs, brushes, rub-
JACKBON DRY CLEANING r based on stern justice; and so far as) make-ends hiect. The annual report! bing ¢loths, etc., that are used on
. those men who planned and started|o¢ Superintendent Rogery for 1917-} affecied animals of any class, if used
METHOD +lthe war werd concerned, should be] 1918 shows that whije the expenses] on other animals, become a fertile

ky founded Of justice of the natur® metéd fof the force were only $57,886,- the} cause of gnfection. —
—— jour in the highest courts of the land.} revenue secured from fines and fees S¥mptoms.— While any part of the
+] Such men as the former German Em-] amounted to $78,890, a surplus of] animal may be the seat of the dis-

Phone 74.

f

EEE PEST T EET Rt

 

   
  
     
 
      
     
  
 

        

   

  

 

      

oe

 

+

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
  
 

   
  

 

 

e—Old Sulte %l peror, Enver Pasha and the former) $14,137. of this total $61,430 was paid | ease, the ékin around, the eyes and Wes) é
: Nothing ide. like new. E] oilers of Bulgaria and Austria, would]in by luckless individuals unable to|of the face, and on the neck. and: for Christmas. . We have thei at all prices.
: * bg placed on trint and (¢ found guilty resign themselves to prohibition, — back, apgevis to be the favoritepseat. ‘ . ,
thelr lives would be forfeited: The force made ‘the usual grist” of The frst symptom shown Is usuni- * . *

liquor seizures, the whiskey and alco-] ly an itchivess, which Is followed by
ties upon our prisoners and upon the] hol booty showing an. increase, and }n slight form of eruption, which spon
civilian inhabitants of the invaded} gin, brandy and rum a decrease. ‘The | assumes the appearance of little yul=
jands,” he continued, “must stand trini} difficulty of getting Mquor {nto the lowifah scales of a circular form, tha
and if they are condemned must auf-|North country under the watchful | mass scales forming & circular spuce, } 3
for Anat,” eyes of the police has practically put hence-the term “ringworm.” A yar-~4,

% to bo proved howefar the}an end to importations of su a|iablo number of these circular
Mt had’ to Ded) ieie patches may be ‘otfved on diffenent |

“Mon guilty, of unspeakable atrocl-

     
     
 

JOHN HAMILTON, Jr

AMHERSTBURG

 
 
 
  
  

1
Murray 5! »

Webhbbbiebett perth

Pree rrrrrrror roc r sts so z|

Some Suggestions:

‘Parle Sintes, > x. Ganmonies

>

     

 
       
  
 
 

   

 
  
        
 

     

 

    
 
 
 

  
  

 

      
            
      
    
  
      
 

      
 

      
   

 

| . za ees, ' nanders of submarines acted up-| bulky Uquod a3 beer. Not a B
en eae 2 i Paoee 40 * ~ p, 0. Box 237 PAPA 2 salt thay had a any ike Sakae eaccunt area by the policg, part». of a9 ene a te ae $ \ ‘ a
OO - i] . z 2 path, or how all yeur, ; = f , ° i dy
roo 7 ie! . _ yout under pain of lewn wolltion, ie} "The superintendent abarply. raps | greatcare be (ken to avold the con- Ostermoo M ttress Sewin Set oa te
, EL they acted on th f 9
Si Ss a a ofnted out, but if the atrocities at sea the county authoritfes for endeavoring | veyance of ths virus-from the dii- . L th R : k \ tray
eS Cuean Sara CHEAP rae committed on the volition of iis to lond i province Tape sand ee tae pundis, Wherw ea er XCOcRer ‘ Sm oker Ss Set S$; ihe
. p vidus ders, he ~ declared, | ity for the enforcement of the law rac » Yin well to remove f ee aa Sea oss , os
ee pat i Ori on P. B arron Mae bear 4 the extreme | mattera Sanne wedi Laeg Pp tee ah ae pe Ma, aE ee Couche - D aven port ESR
1E- , iy : tion. e County Crown Fnoys, I ete, pre ie os : nal Y oth ns
urning = Be «ELECTRICIAN Lee ig the day of reckoning for!he reports, are calling for the servians stould ve ‘\sinfected’ by thorough- a . eee aS
peice 3 “ANT! SPECIALTY ‘Jour onomies,” sald the Minister, “and}of the Ontario Proyinclal Police. to} ly sweeping and dusting, and then mes see
eee, “ANTERIOR WIRING A ir onemios.’ ‘ty nay to the uttermost | investigate cases of theft and smalf} giving ® thiroweh coat of op intestte a
“jon ox. Estimates Furnisted, farching. what it Js possible to bring) crimes. elde, a8 a lot 10 per cent of one of ¢ : < cone:
4 5 ‘ : ar ngeghe: “Such cages ag these should be af-| the coal tir antiseptics or carbolie The Gift of Gifts i
uring 3 Cor. Gore and Seymore Sts. out of them —/*jcrure will meet} tended to by the high constables: of} id. or a coat of hat lime wash were a
AS ; Tho Manjtoba Legislature the county, and the counties should\} Witi 5 pen cent. carbolfo acid. . ei ee
a 1 treatment consists in mols- ;

Ls ip Feb be compelled to Hve up to the act,

“AMHERSTBURG - ONTARIO |... session In the first, wee
: a whioh provides that they shall p

————oo rary...

7 QeNTROL  ABAEE | Tho Oot-Fed Man Gin Outwork

Loninbatye acai! a nb waishs
t! and soap, or sweet oil, remov: en) |
heres proper person ta act’ {n. such m ord » ta exons tite dente teeth
a ” “ “tp | bur the affected arens, (Ax
In serious cases,” ho adis, “tla, aa? thetdea. ot ie ‘ine

Crown Attorneys. seldom ask for a=
‘should Be applied once or twice dally
sistanco until all clues in connectfon} tt be Je hat rey ta

with the crime are gone.” ~~

   
  

 

    
    
    
 

  
        
  

All che Rest

—— t a Ienlturat Coll
Mploys 2,000 woodent:| In his report the Suporintenden aay ;
Amherstburg, Ont. an een to teres ot (dod. ‘The fe-| suggests that each county should Eo

tmeéal the grea d vo:80
sa ee ae rea wer kere now all or pallet Soha ae many
itart the day on a dict ‘of oats alone. . ory, and that the are oh

theenergy of oats.
} yaeknow 8 ain euprliemyoreas. Te 1s {ust compel Ad a a
¢}the same onan, Auy man cin inoreose or

by eat} The men h
a endurance, his via pe Nata Gove rain in
imme! * | selection”
oatmeal ieee all foods ono ees Sea

    
“FRUIT “WES”

Tho Wonderful Medicine, < From
Fruit Juices and Valuable Tonics.

|JADAME ROSINA FOISIZ

29 St. Rose St., Montreal.

“Tam writing you to tell youthat
I owe my life to ‘Fruit-a-tives’, This
medicine relieved me when I had
given up hope of ever being well.
I was a terrible sufferer from
= Dyspepsia—had suffered for years;
and nothing I took did meafly good.
I read about ‘Fruit-a-tives’; and
tried them.  d/ler faking a sew
boxes, Jam now entirely well, You
have my permission to publish this
letter; as I hopetit will ~persuade
other sufferers fpom Dyspepsia to
take ‘Fruit-a-tived’ and get woll”’
“Mapas ROSINA FOISIZ,
“Fruit-a-tives” is the only medicine
{n the world made sre fruit.
50c. a box, 6 for $2.50. trial size 25a,
At all dealers or sent postpaid on
receipt of price by’ Fruit-a-tivesg
Limited, Ottawa.

_THE ECHO

Publishes by

woe ECHO PRINTING 6O., Limited

JOHN.A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President. Sec.-Treas.

a. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13th, 1918
etn nena,
issued for a bye-

Writs Witve been “
es to fill't

election in St. Cat

vacancy caused by t

ot Dr. E. Jessop, N

be held Decen

election, |

weeks lat

of St. Catia

ficer, It

ment-in on

the one nomination, .js vir

tlously of-its cand!

*“dites and Nortit

Huron: also open

and hag weeks be-

cause of the death of Hon. W.

Hoyle, but’ no mention. is made

bringing on a bye-election there,
———————

J. D. Brien. of Ridgetown,
bast known Hogeand cattl reeders in.
Ontario; ‘gives some sound advice
farmers <throughout Elobe
declares that if far s and packers
would come close 1 it would
result in better conditions al] round.
To keep the prices uniform throughout
the year. }}@ says: “Let the farmer
produce qrontit, after month a reason
ably. steady supply of hogs, and | am
of opinion thiit a great deal of fluc-
inations in prices will pease Instead
of two or/,threa times a year se
overw ng- pumbers of
market, i we would t
spread pur products,over the whi
twelve months we would dod more-in
this way {o secure ibilizavion of
prite tian “by any mm of legisla-
tion. -Let us ge from this con-
sequence of ;,let us pro-
duce what hogs we can take care of
properly. stity with tiis in lean years
and jn “fat, and not jump G&im one
thing to another. Wet,us breed and
feed : i _regsbnabje number of

*$hogs, fooking alWays to ,improying
the quality.in them, and profit‘svill
always result. Let conquest be f6}-
lowed by confidenc

—————
hat a widely @xtenQed plan of soll

Ing exemptions: from the Military Ser
vice Ac frried.on in Québec dis-
trict last summer, that mon@y was
paid a vertain group of men by dral-
tees to evade the draft, ‘that these
mei attempted to corrupt the Military
Police to help, their scheme, an@ that
they banked on tt influence . of
friends in politics to lr up the at
fair once it came to light, was testi-
filed to in police. court at Qhebec,
where Capt. Alberic Goulet, Notary
* Pion, of Montr y, und one Omer
Guay are under hearing on the charge
of frapM@lently, obtaining obtaining @X~
emption certificates to dratteés’ The
testiniony went on to say that, one
Simpson. employed in the Registrar's
Office at Quebec, was)to get $200 out
of a certain exemption case, that the
men in the ring were looking for the
protection of Romeo Langlais..a.prom-
Ment. Quebec attorney, and that of
Senktor Lesperance to liush up the
Matter. .Testimony further went to
aay that another wild schemefop ob-
taining exemption consisted in send-
ing to the Medical Examination Bur-
‘eau an sick man to impersonate the
muartoe.

on

Govern:
date of
1g cau
atter

in bot
North
Ween for

one of the;

stampedi

-—
“The names of 21 additions “to ‘the
British battleship squadrons whiclr
have poined the grand fleet since Aug-
usf, 1914," been mentioned in

“have
nigwapaper articles since the signing
of the armistice, acording to a resume
published last week. Four of the ves-
sels have been known as the “hush”
shops, because of the secrecy surround-
ing their design and construction. They
are known fs the Repulse, Courage-
ous, Glorious and Frivolous. They are
reported to be, nearly $00 feet in
length and to displace 30,000 tons
. fich and to be capable of a speed of

: from thirty to thirty-five knots. They

_ Were completed within A year A
- combination of great speed © and
pes a armament on a comparatively

arangit permitted them to use

aters of the North Sea

rag ce Frederick Wilhelm
enzollern has renounced his right
the German throhe, <A des-
received in Basle from the semi-

Wolff Bureau quotes the crown

in one See the throne as

Mrs. Robert Shuell, of Paquette, has
received a message from the Depart-
ment of Militia that her son, Robert,
who was wounded some time ago, was
in the Central hospital at- Chatham,
Eng., and was progressing favorably.

Langit aE

SANDWICH.

William P. Smith, youngest member
of the Sandwich couneil, Saturday
announced that he would oppose Alex-
ander McKee, Warden of Bsasex coun-
ty, at the Sandwich municipal elec:
tions In January. Councillor Smith is
a son of High County Constable James
Smith. He has been a member of
the council for five years.

KINGSVILLE.

Misses Ferne and Lovedy Dryburgh
are out again after having a very bad
attack of influenza, Lovedy having
pneumonia also,

Peter Upcott js suffering with blood
poison in his hand and been laid up
with it for over a week, is thought to
be on the mend now.

In the big blow Thursday of Inst
week, Ferry Bros.’ large {ce house at
the harbor was blown down. It may
be rebuilt at Mr. Ferry’s own place
on. Queen street,

Mr, and Mrs. Loyal
baby, Elizabeth, left on Friday last
for their home in Richlea, Sask., after
an extended visit to their parents, In
this town and in Windsor,

In the blow on the lake last- Thurs-
day filght the pounds of the Lake Erie],
Fish Co. and Angus Girardin were
badly torn to pieces, entailing quite
a heavy loss. The gill nets were also
mixed up considerably, but are still
KINGSVILLE— it

Little Miss Stella Malott, daughter
of Oliver Malott, of the section road,

Ot ibd ctmalememees M
riding horseback. In some
the anjmal threw her of,
her hip bone,

W. F. Stotts went to Rondeau park
last week, and commenced on Tuesday
morning to slfoot deer for the Govern:
ment at the park there. He will have
W. Thorold with him..and the two
will shoot 50 deer. They will likely
be engaged.for some ¢ if

Holly Fox, who: has b
with E, J. Queen in the Eord agency,
} yved back to Rutiven, and
ce cting h garage there, He
Mr. Queen 5s told’ the FPord™:
for Esgex. Joseph Wolfe has

3 bililding owned by Mr. Lewi

“conductin ret repair and g

Lille {fie
business therein.
W

Bussey and

manher
breaking

associated

is
und
ney
ynted

le pound net fish el
he nortlr Sivore of. ce Erie,
made an Inspectio thefr various
outfits i

they discove

ad Ly rece
L..twine
and ~some j

This menns the pound net f

sidered «

after the les abated,
3 Were neatly
ome strings
blown out
drawing,
suing may

we
Sci

be con losed
=

GOSFIEL D NORTH.

Cottam.
"rs has rented
nga sale shortly, after
to Windsor with
Myers, wife and
arrived last

Jolin My farm andj
purpdst 1
which he will move
his family.—Peter
child, of Reid Ad
weok to spend sc ks with rela-
here, and in other sections of the
A number of néighbbors sur-
B. Pedrick at his‘honte on Wed
nesday evening of lgst-week oc.
casion being Dis™birthday, and spent
a verveftijoyable  evening.—Jacob
Myers left last wéek with a carload of
stock and=effects for Vulcan, Alta
where ley will r His son Fred
and the famil ye for the same
place after their s next Monday
Eh. Marks*and fan nioved We
day into Mrs. H. Spee
the village, and G, F. June
in a few ddys to the Mar farm,
which he has purchased—There was
a big crowd at E. Marks’ Sale on Fri-
lay last, and good’ prices were ob-
tained. Cows gold for $120-and-$130,
le Implements brought good prices.
The proceeds were »$1,700.—At their
meeting “Inst week the members of
the Cottam Farmers: Club eletted the
following officers: Pres,” H. M. Or
tom; vice-president, R A. Jackson;
Sec.-Treas., LJ? Orton; delegates to
U. F. @. convention, toybe held in To
ronto, on December 17th, 18th
19th, KR, Jackson, Geo, Newman
Orton, §.-W. Smith and Albert Het

ington.

2 In
will move

and

-_ 3

MPERSEA.

Mrs. George Baliey, aged
passed away at the homé of her digh-
ter, Mra, Elie MeMuliing Sth conces-
slow of Mers Thursday*morning of
last week, death heing due toga gen:
eral breaking up from old age, Mrs.
Bailey was married twice, her second
husband predépeasing her six years
ago, She jis survived by, two sons*and
three daughters, ~ namely, Samuel
Jackson, of Alberta; Laurence Balley
of Leamington; Mrs. Eli MeMullin,
5th concession, -Méersea; Mrs. Alfred
Jones, Talbot Road. and? Mrs. Norman
Cerlett, Olinda’

Thomas Quick, 6th egneesston
Mersea, metowith a painful accident
on Monday night of last week. While
twoing out he tripped and. fell, breaking
his left tvigh. The fra¢ture is almost
in the same spot aS a similar one he
sustained seven years ago under wun-
usual circumstances, He wis driving
along the road with his left Jeg? hang
ing outside the wagon box, when the
ralling*of a bridge struck it breaking
his thigh..Mr. Quick, who {8 77 years
of age, made a splendid recovery from
his Injury then. only fo meéet with a
second fracture .of tle limb seven
yeurs later. He is now doing as well
as cin be expected.

—>=— a

THRIFT STAMPS

of

Have Been Placed on Sale Here by
the Government.

Canadian Government War Savings
Stamps and Thrift Stamps have been
placed on sale at: the Amherstburg
post office and the Jocal banks.

A War Savings Stamp is a stamp
for which the Government will pay
you $5.00 on January Ist, 1924 and
Costs between $4.00 and $4.11°depend-
ing upon the month in which it is}
purchased.

The Thrift Stamp
and is to be a oie payment of
& war saving © purpose of
{ts Issue is to eae ‘people to accumu:|
late in small sums the amount ne-
céssary to pay for a War Savings
Stamp, ~

Sixteen Thrif
value of $4.00, which when surrendor-
ed plus the few conts extra in cash,
the difference in value between the}
spr worth of Thrift Stamps and the|

foe of a War poe vena? for the.) |

coat 26. cents

:for the Garrow

sixty, |

PELEE ‘ISLAND.

-Fred ‘Beagom has returned ‘to the
mainland to reside,

Mr, and Mra, Thomas Henderson,
left Friday by way of Sandusky - to
spend the winter in the South, They
were accompanied by Mr. and Mrs,
Robert Nageloisen and Robt. Pierce,
also of this island.

DS Scr y= rareeramaae

WHEATLEY.

Healey and H. M,

received their honorable dis-
charge from miltary service. The
formér has resumed his former em-
ployment with the Merchants’ Bank,
and left here on
purpose. The latter resumed his old
duties at Borrowman’s drug store at
Leamington on Monday.

1 E)
have

Derbyshire

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Edgar Mills.

The school is closed here for lack of
a teacher. Miss Cooley, who has been
teaching here since holidays, has left
for her home at Fenwick.—Mrs, Lean-
ard Goodwin, daughter of Mr, and Mrs.
Jules Cadarette, and son Alfred, who
have been visiting with her parents
here for some time, and had been vis-
{ting with her aunt and uncle, Mr. and
Mrs. Kenneth Evans, in Jollet, Il,
for a week, arrived at her home in
Kansas City, Mo., last Saturday. Mr.
Goodwin has been working there for
some EID)

=

TO Ww OF ESSEX.

Corp. Roy Johnston underwent’ an
operation on his wounded arm at To-
ronto On»Monday, and is reported as
doing as well as n.be expected.

On account of the illness of his wife
and children, J. A. Abbott fs off duty
Henry Mansell is acting asmday oper-

OF, i nab ddeebbertt ov eis
ville, is acting as night operator.

Tie Essex Canning Factory .pald
of its tomatoes and «corn patrons on
Monday and Tuesday, over $12,000
being pafd out to those who had grown

( mmodities for the company

Mis D. MaeKex hnie, who has heen
on the staff of the Essex Public school
the past year, has resigned her posi-
tion’ tostake effect at the Ohristmas
holidays. and has a¢goépted a position t
on the Public schoo) stafY at Weston
Reeve Johnston went to Detroit and
made an agreement with Scott Bros
for the purchase and installation of a
new Century &-h.p, slugle phase motor
Wellatt $300, and the
motor BS present in yse at the well.

Ee

LEAMINGTON.

‘Miss Bertha Atkins,
sulYering from © severe
fluena, “was alle to
home here Wednesday
Hotel Dieu.

The Order
lected officers
Matron, Mrs. Howey;
: ‘A, Logan; -Associate
¢ Cul len; Association «Matron,
E Secretary, Mrs. Harold
i rer, Mrs. C, Robinson.

Friends here received a cable from
Lieut. Melburn DeLaurier, *M.C,, last
week, saying | Would sail early Upfs
month from England for home; Lieut.
DeLaurler, who enlisted with the 70th
Jattalion. has been overseas for over
tliree yedrs, “A few months after go-
ing to France -he was awarded the
Military Medal forygallantry and has
since been promoted to lieutenant.

Joseph Munger fs in-high glee over,
experiments in the producpion of po-
tatoes which he has completdd. within
the past couple of Weeks. -In August
he planted @ quantity of Comet potut
tc and began to watchythelr growth.
They did so well that on September
10th he planted another lot of a Can-
wilan varlety. These also showed ex-
cellent growth*and about the middle
of November he dug the tubers: Both
are fina samples of well developed ‘po-
tutoes, the ones planted in August, .of
course, being much the larger. 9°

—. a
BRITAIN FIXES INDEMNITY
DEMANDS FROM GERMANY

who Jias been
ntuick of in
return (to her
evening trom

Easterm Star

Worthy
ly Patron
Mrs.
Mrs.
Lee;

of the
follows
Wort
Patron,

London, Saturday)
Great Britain wilt
many £38,000.000,000
$40,000,000,000)
Britain and& her
ation) for the war,
Daily. Math

This, the Mail adds, is what the War
costGreat Britain and her Dominions
and British taxpayers will be relleved
of £400,000.000 per annum by Ahe
Garman payment. ¢

The “British Cliim; says the Daly
Mail. lias. beem prepared by a commit-
tec indér Mraduches, the Australian
Premier, and “Baron Cunliffe. formar
Governor of the Bank of England *who
is one of the principal members of the

demand? of Gers
(approximately
rling for Grent
Dominions as repair: {
nceording douthé |

Decombor 7th |
|

ste

commithee, It adds alidt it is expect
wed the report will be- published Satir-
day.

The Daily- Malle says the
claim for reparation will be tl U
r than that of Great Brita

large

NEWSPRINT BAN LIFTED.

All restrictions on the use of news:
print paper in the i
withdrawn last week by the War In-
dustries Board. effective, December
15th In making this announcement,
Chairman Baruch urged the adoption
of permanant rules by publishers, pro-
hibiting, wisteful practices and cons
tinued yoluntary conservation of reud=
ing matter space for a time
® What promises. to be a decisive but.
tle for-elimination of party politica in
Soldiers’ and Workmen's councils
throughout Germany has been precipt-
tated by announced determination of
‘soldiers to “insist upon party repre-
sentation of all governing boards:
Leaders of soldiers declare if. the
present virtual dictatorship system is
to be continued they will demand
equal with workingmen, Otherwise)
they insist~-upon Immediate convoca-
}tion of the national assembly,

KIDNEYS WEAKENED
, oy

SPANISH “FLU”

Are Restored, to’ theii Former
Sate of Heal ‘

Stamps represent a}.

Tuesday for that

Canton flannel, efderdown fiannel
and plushes are used for the doggies,
ponies and circus animals that provid
absorbingly interesting ond dear «ti
his babyship. Patterns for them enri
be bought from any of the standard

pattern companies and they are stuffed.

with sawdust.

The doll pictured can Ke made to gd
through many antics. She js without
a body and her vont is to be sl!pped on
over the fingers of whoever undertaked
to amuse the baby. She will bow her
head, wave her arms and dance.

Something for Mother

Here {s.n pretty pedestal supporting.
a small basket to be used for bonbons
or as) n going basket or Tom, tuble
decoration, how that, artificial flowers
are au part of house furnishings. It is
made of paper rope and Is gilded. Te
Ista very substantial hit of decoration, *
suitetl.to almost ny room In the house,

4

To Wrap Baby Up In

“1 bereb

The baby dan't kick out of this’cozy
furment when he is rolled out in the
ie en, Wintry alr or put to’sleep by an
open window, so tliat ¢very-one. of his
relatives will. iit to make h n
Christmas present of it. Itismpde of
elderdoyn flannel and Has flaps that
buttoh up over the hands and feetand
o hood that Can be drawn up close
ahont the face,

3000000000000 QOOOOOS000000

Of Crepe and. Lace

French je

United States were}

i

ee
This combination or envelope che-

| Dated at Sandwich thik

mise is so sheer and dainty that it is |

Just the sort of gift that one woman
will like to give to another. It is of
flesh-colored crepe de chine, with in-
| aertions of fine filet lace. Little flow-
ere in
broldered on it in palo shades of pink
and blue. Tho yoke is novel, simply
four triangles with points jdined at

the shoulder with little chiffon roses.”

j ‘ a aan
LOCAL LEGAL.
ote ~ p

*

Before MoreqithsCTO.;, Maclaren,

‘A.; Magoe,. J.A.7~ Hodgins, J.A,;

J.A.. Sandwich Windsor & |
stirs Railway Co. va. ee ;

Ww. Anglin, KC;

French knots dre cm |

Yand to mendir

Ahe

Household Effects ~
There will be gold by Public Atietion

0. residence, Seymore Sitrest (opposit
cGee's Coal Yard, Amherstburg, on

” GATURDAY, ane 14th, 1918

“The following Treasure Nange;
Oak Heater; 1 a Stove with Oven; 1 i
Hosting Stove; 1 Victor Victrola and 25
Necords; 4 Sideboard; 1 Extension ‘ble
1 Kitchen Table; 2 Contre Tab’
ing-Room Ghairs; 4) Kitchen @
Rockers; {Leather Covered Gch
oom  Sultes; 2 Matires: 6 Pillows;
‘quantity of Béd Covers ar ullts; { Rug
9'n42’; 4 Linole’ 12’x number of
Picture Frames; 6 dow shades: 4 pairs
Lace Curtains; 4 Hammock: 150 ips. Salt
Pork; 200 quarts Canned jrult; aay
of Ss Pipe; Dishes and Vins VV
tons Chestnut ee Crocks: Kitchen Uten~-
sila; \ ; Fralt
Jars; 4 Lamps.

Evorything practicaly

Salo to porn at 1 O'clovk P. M. sharp,

TERM All sums at or uninh 810 cash;
over that amo 6 months’ credit on fur-
nishing approved foint notex, 2h 5 per
cent, per annum off for cash on sues ene

titled to eredit,
SAM, FE UD, EDWARD RENAUD,
Propriewr.

Auctioneer.

new.

Auction SALE

—OF
Farm Stock, Implements, cy

There will be offered for sale by Public
Auction. at Lots 48, 40, fat Concession,
Colchester South, 44 ‘mile East of Oxley, on

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17th, 1918

The following Stock and implemen
1° Grey Horso, weight about 1200 ID 1
Bay Mare, supposed in foal, 1200 1
Pure Bred Jersey..cow, milking, supposed
to be in cal 1 Red Cow; 1 ear- ‘old
Helfer, to. freshen about Januar Oth; 2
Heifers, §%4 years old; 8° Shoats, welght
about 140 3. each; 1 Brood Sow, 0. I.
c., to farrow March 1st; 73 ickens and
16 Ducks (Poultry nah) 5 new Bain
Wagon, inch tire: 1 new Flat Nack; 1
Valking Plo { 1-Furrow Walk-
(Wilkinso} 1 §-Horde Cultiva-
Aye D b!
» Harness; lappy
4 Alr Tight Heater;
1 Sewing Machine;
y best White Gap Seed
Wols, Hoes ond other
articles too numerous to mention,
Sole starts at 1 o'clock P.M, sharp,
TERMS—All sums at or under #10, cash:
over that amount 12 months’ credit on
furnishing gpproved Jolnt notes or 6 per
cent, per annum Of for cash on sums ert
titled to credit.
PCLARK & ATKIN, WM,
Auctioneers,

MORTGAGE SALE.

Under and by virtue iphueeor the powers con-
tained in a certain mortgage which will be
produced at sits time, there will be offer-
ed for sale by Public Afiction. by Charles
H lark, Auctioneer, at the Lake View House,

ATEN ba, , Ontario, on SATURDAY, DE-

BER at, 1918, at 2.40 P.M., Lot
Number 405 on the North side dt~Clare-
mont Lane and the West side of Aidgewood
Lane in the Township, of¢Malden, In the
County of Essex, according to plan number
736,

Tho Salil lot is beautifully situated over-
looking’ Lake Erie in’ the subdivision of the
ar Point Land-Comyp . and has thereon
a commodious now f na <«dwelllng-house
sultahle for o Summer Nestdence,

The property will be offered
Subject to asresenvod Did,

For further terms dna
10) te undersignen.

Dated, at Amberstburg 26th day or
November, 1018,

# FRANKLIN A. HOUGH;

Solivigor for Vendor.

ity of the
so Forks,

|

CORCORAN,
Proprietor.

 

for sale
eonditions apply

this

~ COUNTY. TREASURER’ S

Sale of Lands for Taxes

BY VIRTUE of 8 warn
Df the Wardon of the
the County Seal of
dato the vth

nt under the band
Essox, and
bearing
- 1018,
Mt Bice to levy
the Jands of th it
ayrcors rwapectively due
with all @osts incurred.
_brevided by

aid oount
fender,

di afor the
theeron toyeth
give notice
Section
1944, that the sald Vi
arrears: OF taxes
that ples, thereof
ony and, that. the lst As
in ]
14M, 2480 and Sot
Sth day of October,

fds for sale for
prepared, and
had in ths
& published
turday, the
mber, and
4918. F

I further hereby give motice that pur-
sant to the Assessment Act. R. S, On 1914,
I shall on Tuesday, the 17th day of Dacem-
ber, 1018, at the Nour of Ten. o'cle & in
thy forenoon at the Council Chamber Jn the?
Court Housepin the Town Of Sandsvich, in
the County.Jof Essex, promod to sell by
public auction a5 much oF sald iands a8
may be necessary for thy payment of tho
aglit, arrears and charges thereon, unless
such arrears and charges have been sooner

pald. *
JONN FP. MILT .
C@onty Treasurer,
roth day of Sep-
tomber, 1948, i

- Auction SALE
—Or—
FURNITURE, BEDS, BEDDING, &c.

There will be offared, for dale by Public
Auction at the Amherst House, Amborst-
burg, on,

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13th, 1918

the Bedroom Furniture, .ineluding
Hedding, Dressers, Comimodes, gtr.,
rooms, 7
Dining Noom

All
Teds,
In 27

Also
lure,

Salo to begin at 10 o'clock A. M,

TENMS—-CASH.
CLANK & ATKIN, TONY CHARLIE,
Aur Voneers, Proprietor,

and kitchen Furni-

sharp.

CHAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN.

Rinetee yosre.experience. Hundreds ofan: j-
patients who aro
qpoluiive Optioal Parl-rs, Main 5t., KingavilJo

Issuer of Marriage Licenses.

© P. R, Tloket Agent.
——

GRAND TRUNK Svsten f

SYSTEM

‘THE DOUBLE TRACK ROUTE

between
MONTREAL,
TORONTO,
DETROIT

-and
CHICAGO.

Unexcelled Dining Car Service}

Sleeping Cars on Nigh! Trains}
and Parlor Cars on pritelpal Day |;
| Trains.

Full information from th Grand
‘Trunk Ticket Agent or C, 9. a
ING, District Passenger may i

ronto.

A. W. MARSH, Agont, Auber i
burg. = 6 ana 218. :

ss

ih son “rain

ronto five days en

e@ official

A |

wee pee eee here pP PEPPER

foofoefoete

-bearing
dian Government offers interest bea:
Thea War-Savings Stamps

Issue of 1919—Payable Jan. 1, 1924

horizes
RDER-IN-COUNCIL P.C. No. 2462 aut!
the issue of War-Savings Stamps for the pur-
pose of assisting in the financing of Government
expenditures.

‘As Sir Thomas White, Minister of Finance,
will provide ‘‘an excellent investment for ‘smi

strong. incentive to every-day economy.”

$5.00 for $4. 00

War-Savings Stamps will be sold by
Leics. Banks, and other authorized
and on January 1st, 1924, Canada will

points out, W.-S.S.
all savings; and o

Until January 31st,
all Moncy-Order Post

Agencies, for $4.00 each,
pay $5.00 cach for them.

Registration Against Loss

Certificate is provided for the purchaser of a W.-S. S. On
the certificate ma spaces to which 10 W.-S. S. may be affixed.
A certificate bearing one or more W. -S. S. may be registered at
any Money-Order Post Office, fully protecting the owner against

ioe by fire, burglary or other cause.

The Certificate also shows the Cash Surrender Value of W.-S. S.
at various dates before maturity.

SIGN 1s DISPLAYED

4
SOLD WHEREVER THIS c
=

“eas v

Women’s
Shoes of
Calfskin

“Neolin Sole”

9.89

For early fall wear these Calf Skin Shoes of dark
Mahogany and Black Calfskinare unusually smart

Several styles in this showing for selection. ,

The shoe illustrated is one of the “EUREKA SHOE co.”
make of dark mahogany color,
+. soles, new 1 sport heel, specially priced this week

Boston welted—

Women’ seGolden Brown and Chocolate Kid

* laced, 8-inch. tops, same style and pattern, but
not-weltedsoles, atj.e.--.. 5... me 00 the fee

 

hoes with narrowheel measurements and broader fore pa

s

We carry a great many styles’ in combination lasts, that

ossibly you need just this last.”

$7.00 - $8.00 - $10.00

All widths—from A to E.

WILKINSON'S BOOT SHOP.

Near the Old International Hotel.
Ouellette Avenue, Windsor.

MAKE THIS YOU lh SHOP +

Ua Rp Ae

 

living seatimont: |» fp

 

IT’S A STEP
in the tight direction when you come -here for ~

AUTOMOBILE TIRE
VULCANIZING

Our careful work merits your ‘appreciation and patroniige

aay us next tine something goes wrong ey your tires :

‘UP- ges DATE TIRE REPAIR- SHOP

R. B. McMORROW, Manager.
Ml Pit St., E. Windsor. . Phone 3961

$5:85

is
rt,

ene err cee Sehhhbhbeerhtbhh ert ied

Sparco ngs eT

PORE teed Serer tretrercereretecr etry

H

Ee. HAVE IN oe

Sn rented to | i

 
   
 
 
   
   
    
   
    
        
 
     
     
  
       

le face, a9 ehe kod ea ly t the
little ‘worker fo blue. apparently un-
conscious that he! Swides Impulde had
first astounded aif ten knit together
in kindly sympathy ®* entire car of

strangers,
“By Jove! that ¥a8 & great thing to

do,” said Tom vothusjastically, when
the tension of an Sbsorbing interest |.
had subsided a littl.

“Yes, I never saw itscaual.” replied
John, After a moment’ hestitation he
added: “% should tit t° kuow that
«| girl. Do you suppose we could find

out who she is?"
” his friend replied;

  
  
    

 
  
    

 
 
  
 

CASTORIA ==
For Infants and Children, ee

Mothers Know That
| Genuine Castoria fet VS ee

‘ i
B. The Proprietary ot luteal cies © y
a pi sal Bea glo
Q AVegetable Preparation {or witter’s dny*was fast “Well, I do,” John jaswered’ curtly.
seen Tom planced quizziesly at hin and

BN sisnitating thie!
ithe Stomachs aa Bears the smiled to himself. “tis wis another

  

 
  

  

   
    
     
     
 
     
    
 

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
     
    
  
     
    
     
  
      
        

 

 
  
  
 

  
  
 
 
 
 

disappearing as Tom
Danvers and John Mard-

ing stepped out of the

club and joined the moy- | Quainted wit» When’ the cur reached ;

ing holiday crowd, For | the relwey etution where Jobn and . 9 , i : #
an hour they had poo going to take a train for a 2

watched it through the Tom's suburban home, the two womed t S Yu In soa ; Ei
window as they smoked and talked, also left the car, They went straight ; ( y) | ) ‘ ‘

and Tom, while he had been much | © te ticket window. Tom took out 5
amused at John's cynical comment, his commutation béok and passed It ej [
ba NT as ae eee ankets that shrmks
Was never pessimistic. Now, as they “You fallow them and 1 will join an >
wniked down the crowded thorough- you,” he whispered, the spirit of mis-

fnre conversation was dificult, and chief apd adventure now Pun ris i
John was unusually silent, Tecalling him. Having bought nee ie stl ens t em
bits of phrases In thelr recent con- | Women turned from the window oe <<

yersation, it suddenly occurred to | burried to the train, ‘Fbere in the

Tom thnt there bad been an unac: | sme car Tom found the all. —And using ordinary ‘soap to wash them
customed tone, even a note of bitter- he ex-

“Volt, it this isn’t Tuck,” F .
ness underiving the smile and lightly | claimed, a8 soon as he wns Seated. That was the old way of washing. and it was
spokop words of his oldest ‘and best ) 4nd then, with the air of a boy burst- ruinous for woollens. j

focwi > wppey are : - 2 :

ng with news, he sald: “They Wool fibre consists of Oe overlapping scales

friend, whdm he felf he knew as he
olig to D——." 5
es Sh like the scales of a fish. When you rub or twist

phase of John he wis Just getting ac

 
      
     
 
          
    
 
 
      

in
Use
For Over

How to wash blankets

Use two tablespoonfuls of Lux to.
gallon of water, Dissolve in bojling of
very hot water, whisk into a thick
father, then pat the blankets in, and
stir with @ smooth stick. Let them
soaktill the water has cooled enough
for the: hands to bear with comfort.
Then squeeze the sude.through the

 

 
   
 
    
     
    
     
    
   
   
   
    

   
    
   
   
    
    
    
   
 

 

 
    
     

 

 

  
   
 
  
 
 
 
    
   
    
     
 
 

 
 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 

     

 
  
 
 
 
  
  

    
    
        
     
    
 
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

    
 
  

 

  

 
  
 

 

 
  
  
  

        
 
  
  
         

    
     
    
 
 
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
 

+
“ . did. himself. At the thought. he
looked sharply and plercingly at him, “Yes, 1 know It,” Harding weplled. f ,
itt o 8 a f S but the strong, resolute profile bore But as he vouched no informat!og, and woollens,when you use ordinary soaps contain- dlankets: Do not rub,
no trace ofthe evnicigm of the Jngt did ‘not seem Inclined to talk Tom ing alkali or other strong cleamapoe scents. Shade -~ Rinse tree timteta clea@@ater- of the ~
oy en a Ne aE cee SP RE cane. OMNI paper and prompt tiny scales shrink and interlock, and your aoe jemperature that you-washed tho
Tt wig Just Imagination, Tom. ¢on- | !¥ forgot the whole affair, wotil he woollena become atiff, matted and shrunken. blankets in. Dissolvea littl: Lux in
eluded, was abruptly called back by > With Lox there's no rubbing. Only sousing in the rich, the fast rinsing water: but do not beat
As they stood walting for a cross- “Tom, I cannot tell you when o pure Sather, and gently pressing the aude through the into a lather. This leaves.the blankets
\ towncnr anvobservant and clever beg: thing so (urpressed me as bat diar— sojled parts, Lux comes jp delicate flakes, which dis- sales oe Do.
A gur appronched, Tom answered the | 48 ff there could be but oe “thot.” aolve instantly in hot water and whisk up into a wonder- res ae nt through
que CANTAUS COMPANY, MEW YORN CITY. appeal with n colt, oTpat?” asked “Lom, a little puzzled, an lather, Lux ia so pure, that it wan't shrink even the 6 eee ane
“Not from.me,” sald John, in n dis- Then, “Oh, 1 thought wou did not be- clicate wool fibres, ; out Dry in the
approving’ tan. « Meve in that kind of charity—sympa- Wash your blankets this year the Lux way! Have them shade.
“Oh, well, it's: Christmas Ume,” ¢ald thetie-and» sentimental, 7 think you like new again. Your grocer or department store has Lux.
Tom. called {t," he teasinglyY reminded him,
“Yes, that's Just {t, and he Knows remembering the crisp Mil! Jobs hod >
é it and mawes capltal of tt. It ts eynt- dropped ip the tambourine. :
) i pathetle or See ene charity, and “Ob, that is nitogether alfterent,” LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED
W ri W ILKINSON T don't approve of tt.” John answered, half deflamtly. TORONTO
2 id “Upon my word, Tom, you are fun- “Yes, different becaust#® 2 pretty girl
¥ ny thisydfternoan, What Is the mat- | made this appeal, an old man the
greener Oar re ter. with you? First you condemn other,” laughed Tom, “But, tell mie,
4 how do you adjust yowr ncts to the
l & Real Estat oh
| “Oh, theories, the dileckens! Whnt
nsurance Ca Ss a e are they ever compared) 10 nets? Aad
4 “ thot act this afternoon wis a spon-
e . taneous expression of ithe true Christ-
q mas spirit, from whicti springs the de-
9 Money to Loan on Mortgage rire to hedp, to, bring sone joy to a
oo a, TENE Jot of poor unfortumates, because ‘It’s
" Christmas, “you ‘snow,” he quoted r me
SPECIAL---Brick Cotiage for Sale. softly. “It was; the real thing, and += :
, Y everybody in thie car felt it.” - r cise ‘
Phoao 97 4 AMHERSTBURG “and haying, as It were, justified his ¢ J d f ¢ d P f * A th “3
position ond initerest, he looked across ar 0a 0 ara 0c 0 aloes Irivilg IS

 

 

  

at the dnconsqious subject of thelr re-

Mn | i}
——— cs — ms \ MS S marks. Truiy she was good to look at,
ISPS, though at present all be could see was

“HARROW LUMBER YARD. sane at

copperisin-brown hair turning to dull
gold where the western sup struck it,
Wo have the materlal and give satisfaction. The old saying”
applics to this, “The proof of the pudding fs in the esting.”

e _°
Week. Priest Ontario Stock.
‘| andeyes, thdt witb her mood, he knew,
We have always on hand: for salo—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,

e oe Pe
varied from hazel to brown. A verit- x Sas s fy lel * Get your Orders il TO-DAY for Winter
ee eee . ae “e ee Sith ane Here is a, tont made of strong, un- : : : .
ofan adjusting her furs. an a Dy . ; %
bleached domestic, hound with red W p :
Lime,,; Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent «Polished Floor e can guarantee every otato. oy
Ing of all kinds of Hardwood, Sine bak

intwitive feeling of understanding. her,
he ¢ Z ; Le se Cat * 4 Braid which will, rejoice the heart of |
ne furned to Tom.
the small~boy. It {s about elghteen
Wo manufacture Storm Windows, Storm, Doors, Sash, and all
kinds of Moulding required in building a hauge,

da will
Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, at
be pleased! to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large

or small. = : :

    
 
 
  

 

 

cae Fp car

   
    

 

“Don't mention the-affalr to anyone,
“1 *.t inches Jong and is set Up on A frame
not even Mary, would not plense

eu ry, Sor je would m {pleas of wood that supports a small rod.

t

he . sae by, 8 " . - Z

er T am sure,” he added, 0s the train of wood at the front and zback: Z fe

pwicd wp at D—. “4 + :

The station was small and fohn had third rod forms the ridge-pole. Four | of f
nS A ap” - tape loops are stitched to ench side} ye Z .

oh =
Re
iid

    
 

 

  
    
   
   

  
    
    
    
  

        
     
    
 

 

  
  
    

alto Christmagy, Vou Know.” : " ee
just finished? greeting Mrs. Duny ers, [ce the tent and slipped over-incks-in

“gomen, then you denounce this happy) when. Billy Grant’s deep voice broke
ae the sides of the supporting frame. A
ing show, © Ube m » you,” 1 5 .
in: “Bello, Harding; glad to sce you, Ugtle fing, w pale of’ paper soldiers aha

 

 

  
  

 

   
 

  
  

P polidny crowd 55 2 “pass

and now this poor beggar. «It’s well | as they shook bands. "
: . ‘ a w on 0 Q

for ae Zag 10 ee Soe at gaignesruteemp | Carload of Cement: al Arri

’ ce; you r i 1e home th uence, - ~ . AY . t

while « ee € and Danvers, also lived in D—. on a military career 9 “half minute ar 0a! 0 emen SO jus rrive

’

pte th sot by oes ey «Now, I want you to meet, our | gror he discovers {t. The tent Is easy

a the antidote for you, ic 4 ' nds s cold an want to get % . *

he concluded, emphasising Ile convie- adel for its cold and I want to gf a are aye the soldiers are cut out

ih o ale » back. - 4 of printed paper.

tlon with a slap cae Mie ine * While Tom and John were bowing =
“No, thank sow)” wae the Tqughing in acknowledgment to “Mrs. North |

 
 
  
     
    
   
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  

7

 

 

 

 

 

Pex hey stepped aboard the cir. é 7 .
laa al qet ¢ hae from the and Miss North,” thelr host cbhn{téd on. ~ ae .
friends sot two gdod-loo}ing wimen, atu its -belog SOME rae rae Silk Shopping B
avldehtiy mother aad dnughter, Next have met at the other end of the line, , ag
io We. younger woman ‘sat«a swoot- | 28 10pg 38 they happened to bé on the

“<. 4 . same train.” '
faced Salvation Army. girl, with her ‘ i
{amBourine In her lap. Her pinin Noncy North threw a guick glance
dark blue dress was in marked con- | at Harding, but otnerwise no outward
trast. to the ifoshjonable. sult and | Sign was given, 0s he walked with her
peantiful furs of the ladies Desidaarer. | to the car, that they,had ever seen one
another @before or that ‘the ‘same

Suddenly the youapner of the, two
; F: thought was In the minds of both, but

aurned and spoke .to her. She’ srall-
ingly responded and shook her head} John was so strangely elated that Miss

4 but ae the other continued to urge a& North's color deepened ench time she
daddy! { wistful look came Into the Army_girYa | looked up and met his smillog eyes.
t 4 “Now, don't you fellows keep our

face as she gianeed about the cnr, :
“Nd, no,” they, benrd: her say; “the pridge waiting tonight,” called Grant,
conductor would not allow we. The | 98 he gave the signal to start. ,

rules are very strict,t-she odded jn wYN guarantee our arrival on time,
explanation. For 4 moment or ‘&o-] Grant,” answered John, well satisfied
there was silence: and over the faves with the arrangement, whether. it_was
] of both showed disappolatment. éhance dr fate, for somewhere within

Then suddenly the younger wamin, | Sim something was’ thrillingly alert,
tantolizingly expectant, confidently

 

 

“Heavy, heavy hangs over
your head.”

 

e “oO, Know what it is.
wee. 1 §—- You-held it too close and I

| smell it—it’s WRIGLEY’S!””

   
   
   
   
  

    
       
       
    
   

  

  

y— sive your

     
   
  
   

   
  
    
 
 
       
      
     
    
 
  
   
 

   
 

  

    
 
 
      
   
     
     
   
   
   
  
 
  

 

  

  
 
   
   
  
     

  

  

  
     

   
 
  
  
 
   
   
  

 

     
   
   
  

 

       
   

   

      
   
  

       
   

     

      

   

  
   

»
4 “pi }
- 4 Righto. sonn ; tk with the color suffising her lovely da etal, cha ihe feeling BE th mi:
“. oN , i ap P. it up tho tamndourine ind, | howe ul, nod the feeling he ufter-
c appetite and digestion a ae t on Ip It, started down aon that RH Rs ont ee re
oe car, ignoring the shocked and ex- | cynicism on manifested itself in lone
treat, while you fickle re caledie uNdncy {” and. the detain: | Uness=was gone. ‘
3 t oth + ing hand of her astonished companion, At the wedding retention of John
. ~ your sweet 0 2 passing from passenger to passengee, | Harding and Nancy North, six months
3 d she_extended the tmmbourine, siways) later, many of the guests were curious
*% with o little smile and “It’s Chrisunas, | 98 to the presence in the gny assem
you “know,” or some fittio word, nntil Mago of pucsts ofja sweet-faced ttle Be
each one felt tt a privilege to contri | tyomean in the dress of the Salvation onde bast - ;
ute something. 4s she aurned by the | Army, who was the recipient of much | whoever she Is, she will love this
door the conductor stepped forward attention from the bridm and groom: | xhopping bag of taffemn sitk with its ) 5
> With: “Please, mise, Towasit (0 add | and was quite a center of attraction) celluloid mountings, but it It matches i Hi eoaate ; P ns oe
nt something to that, toa.” | as she related again and again the re | her. street sult In color her joy in it y /
7 tet Flushing, she. exclaimed, “OWt thank | markable story of that December att | win be competée This one Is of navy | ~~ ar Ar a tm are : -
a you so much.” ernoon, ufter which all looked with } piue taffeta Hneo oyth bright red taf- é
> ‘She passed on fo her seat ond te grenter interest. and understood ‘sehy | feta. ‘The cellulold Hounting 1s of the :
a: turned to-ite owner the tambonrint, in the array of handsome and costl¥ | same red and'so fs the jong silk tassel,
- tint Hever Sefore hnd rereived contre: wedding gifts an old and battered tam |The bag 1s suspended jy, a strap of
Pow butions 80 promptly snd cheerfully | bourioe occupled the place of honor. }'the navy ail.
Tn ahd bestowed. Leet ar ge OT ne * as
“ : John Berenes hand had gone At re i mee © kate j pore i er eS 5
- once into bis pocket when he, yenlized | Bhe stood beneath the le i* r “ ” : : psy
what the ein was doing, md now st Fee ane aetna: FOO Ter PRISONER oor ty SCOvERERS ‘ a
was watcbing her with on almost <o1e: xnet chance was Jost to me) ” = , — ‘ * ; Ca gehen he
ogo; ease Mia i re hike Pittsburgh, December ita. Rex ie All kinds of Farm Mach
‘ %) Bea: a between D7

      

re oe i. ener nae range ae be 3 :.
+ the western front al a8) onthe’ ST ait oy =
‘viait, telle this tory, Ee ange over Dresen ces.

ce
   
 
  

  

soobsfnlsbestetetesfedetetecteeeeofrorl fof

  
  
 

Melebeeteeetbetebeetnelectelretnleletnecetneetnelee ecteatne det

sfstesbrbsteecbstetecenlnfotecfnfctefenlnts tfeofene

O
wee,
.

fadestedeteteceele

of.
.

estesteteteceo

4,

*

laecee

sbeebs

le

tebe

’.
Do

whee

x fall of your born«days you’ve never
seen coats that quite equal these. The rea-
son is, that never before have such coats
been mude—some that are nearly like them,
bit not quite.. Warmth without weight ma-

terials, rich in texture, double-breasted to
aissure you~against cold avyinds on, your
chest; lined just where the linings do the
most good, over the shoulders and down
over the small of the back,

,
+

Before you inyest in an Overcoat, an

Overcoat of utility, an Overcoat that pos-

these-that aré moderate at these prices,

federated ctefntnlrecefeatetnenesfesedetvfrlerfoetc

P)

  
 

~, Stock” :

en A

 

“The Store With the

 

 

   
 

belted, the full - belters

' gifts. .

Other Famously Good Overcoats Here at.
$15, $18, $20, 22 to 40

sesses good style, iust you come and see

 
  

, -“The Store With the a

First in Importance
: Coats of Imported Scotch Mixtures!
COE

Jengtl, open at the bottom, in the back, to

allow freedom of leg movement—Coats that ; < f 3

five you the air of being correctly over-

eoated—garments that are worthy to lie as- a

sociated with those with a custom tailor’s , :

name in them and, OhY what a difference in “Over the River” Coats of Same Character Cost
price—The difference wil

 

 

 
 
 

IS THE WAY YOU FIND THEM AT BOUG’S---OVERCOAT HEAD-
QUARTERS--HUNDREDS OF ’EM---ENOUGH TO STOCK THREE
ORDINARY SIZED STORES-NOT ONE INFERIOR COAT IN THE

HUNDREDS THAT ARE READY. FOR YOUR CHOOSING.

USUALLY ‘the first thing a man asks when he’ buys an

anemmmirertoulte What isthe Price!” But when men come here

and look at these elegant ones, they are so interested in the
quality of materials, $0 favorably impressed with them, espec-
inlly after they “get into one,” that price is a secondary con-
sideration. Men are coming here eyery day and going away

with 2 coat perfectly satisfied. “

WHEN-men do-ask the price, they act surprised, aston-
ished at their Iowness, for low the prices are when you take into
consideration the through and through quality of material and
workmanship that distinzuishes eacheoat. Now, just stop and
think—hundreds of eanis here, all good and all at ordinary

prices—is it any wonder that we're doing the- Overcoat business

of the city.

OVERCOATS HERE THAT ARE MADE RIGHT, RIGHT

IN FIT, RIGHT IN THE RIGHT MATERIALS AND PRICEY

RIGHT AND RIGHT GOOD in every detail, too. Every yard of
material, outside and Inside, eyry stitch of thread, spell qual-

ity. Besides correet style open one is produced to give warmth
QUeLereraeroRe
Se C a \ Just Remember’, that Good
1 | Overcoats Make Superior Q>
4 an) ee ee mee x

ae ee
‘ROTO aLeOUN ORLA

   

  

   

 

Comes the “Great {7

1 buy Christmas 7” $75 to $90—If You Don’t Belleve it—Just

10 Over “and See For Yourself,

    
  
   
    
    
 

 

fe OS

2 REE

Mail.
Orders.
Filled

|

 

Accepted «.
~ at par

in
Exchange

 

 
  
 
    

 

 

 

 
         
      
 
  
    
     
   
     
         
   
    
  
     
  
     
 
    
  
   
      
  
   

   

 

Those who wish to‘mak
ake Christmas what it should be will find it easy to solve We have made vast preparations for this, the most welcdme of all Christmase:

the question of what to give here. R
eally serviceable, f :
purposeful oifts are the most desired. hte en sh eit he ttt gs

THE “WHAT. To- GIVE” IS WELL ANSWERED IN THIS LIST.
For Mother or Sister For the Home For the Men Folks

; Silks, Dress Goods, Blouses, Furs, Sweater Coats, Brushed Wool A White Quilt, Blankets, Towels, Table Linen, Comforters, Rugs, A Suit, Overcoat, Sweater Coat, Underwear. , Silk , Mufflers, Hat
3 " e4 1 =

Sets, Silk Hoslery, Gloves, Handkerchiefs, Collars, Wool € Fancy China, O’Cedar Mops, A
fs 1 Caps, SU Ly 5 edar Mops, A Set of Dishes. ‘
,. Hand Bag. ‘ pee sick, Fruit of All Kinds—Oranges, Lemons, Bananas, Grape Fruit, Grapes. eee pia ting, Cee
: Hick Pins, Cu ‘Se hy

cee ; Nuts and Candies.

 * WOR BOYCE = to, ae - Marrow.

THE EOHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

bop ead New Books ! Fresh Books.

Cigars and Cigarettes .

Books that will make you smile, . 5
: i Books that you will ike to read. +
A Ss ‘
ape eee assortment of PIPES to Up-to-the-minute booka, ;
Children Books and Picture Books.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
    
   
   
       
  

 

 

    
  

ebb bee Peek e EEE ee EEE
+ HARROW. z

+
heehee bheb ebb bbe |
Mra. H. Cornwall was the guest of |

“% o %e :
‘ Miss Lou Arner, last week. |
Get your pictures framed betore the |
, Christmas week, J. H. Madill.
rou! i , Miss Mildred Halatéad is visiting
\ You'll be wauting some Christmas remembrances: for your friends, Not fen aunt, Mra, Herb, Ladd, in Dbtrolt.

too expensive, but something good. You'll-find what you want’in our new Miss Mac Sinasac, of the Bell tele-

GOoD ROADS.

 

   
   
   

Wednesday, provisionally adopted a
by-law to raise $10,000 by way of 10-
jyear debentures for the purpose of
paying its share of the Cedar Creek
bridge and purchasing a gravel pit, the
balance to’be used for the purpose of
improving the leading roads of the
boat under a plan which willabe

  

| The council, at a specif! meeting on

  
     
  
       
 
 

 

   
  
  
 

 

 

 

din, shipment of Hand-Painted Nippor i BE Di i
We a oe eke phone ofice, visited friends im COTTE SENTINEL SEORE }oXMig Pylori 2 sa: hava took: eRe aiy ve tint Fo
- Pp ma =} uity-over Sauda Fu Taw is publis r the sent ay mR, is you ee
a Allan C.— Quick, P. M. agent at. ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW. time in The Echo this wok, and wil! | ™# ne interested in looking at for this season at the year.
| Courtright, with his wife and two lit- : ———————— |be submitted to the qualified electors |; you want any real Impertal Ivory goods, we have the genuine articles
‘ }tle daughters spent lust week at John Heke bbb at the coming. municipal elections, " Berens cateraea ica d Comb, and fn Real Eb Goods
h and Comb, and in Real Bbony ods we cer-

talniy have snaps you will not come across every day. Zi
New China in many fine lined.
—Christmas Booklets, ete.—

Buy that presont for your »fhow. Things like O-Cedar Mops ard Bis- Belson Sy ickers and Thomas Bondy : COLCHESTER SOUTH oe iy ee rue er

sell's Vacuunl Sweepers are ivers aind certainly will be appreciated. | bougt : k, d

€ . : ght Frank Herdman’s stock, an +4 ober ieebdbe-t4 +4 | payer wishing to know exactly what
Now would*be a good time to get that new range, We are offering special | Harrow tg again getting along with oe aan ae js to-day (Fri-}it will cost him can find out easily by
prices for a short time only ry one blacksmith shop. day), jhe nek his tax demand and?secing

 

 

      

 

Taxes are coming in freely, Collec) “ayes 4. R, Ferrlas ts vieiting {nthe | what he Is paying for Provinofal War
tor Wright having received “nearly | oi, purposes, which is 1 mill. As the
Miss Baker, teacher at Oxley, 1s on | Provincial Government announced

Bo S and Girls $20,000 to date. Before the-J5th he
Yy hopes to almost double that amount. | itig sick list. \that this additionaf mill collected dur

Mrs, Dudiay Digges was charming)” yy;53 George Atkinson is under the|ing the period of the war will in all

_. &. F. DARBY, -HARROW |. -
DRUGGIST ‘ OPTICIAN +. STATIONERY © _

 

 

  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   

 

      
       
     
      
     
     
    
 
  
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
      

       
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
 
     
  
 

 

       
   
  

‘ We've got the kind ef Skates, Sleighs, Wagons and othen things you ns |hostess yesterday (Thureday) after) gocior’s care, ikelihood be taken off next year, Col NOTARY PUBLIC ae Te
Come in and look around. “Pigk®out what you want and don't let Dad rest | noon at a dinner given for a score of A. P. Ferriss and family are among} chester South, maintaining the same i pay 3
until you're sure he’s done something. her girl friends from Harrow and Col-| 4}, “pyy" sufferers this week. R ‘taxe rate as M present, can provide

chester South. There js a good denl of influenza|for a fine road: improvement scheme, Hoeferfooioafocfonfoofocfoolsesees
| The Adult Bible Class of the Baptist | slang the lake front district. so badly needed to keep the munici-
COME ON ! church will hold their quarterly “At|" yrs. Earl Barnett. of Walkerville, |pality abreast of the times. | Colchas- 5
si Home".Jn the home of Clarence Mc-| spent Sunday at Jacob Huffman’s. ter South can never have anything but
, Let ul t t th d t thi Lean. pa of the class will fur) “afr and Mrs. Jason Snider left on peesiet up roads until some such plan ‘ : ed
et us a el logetner an e 1s nish refreshments, Tuesday to spend the winter In Florida.|a# this is put into operation. The T ‘ ‘ :
x g Shes i g Funeral services for Mrs. M. Ruth: }" sira 7 Smith, of Kingsville, has | ratepayers now have it in their power Yaiweae tells SEE ant be OER rr Hiscach irate Toarcane mr
4 mas opping over. ven were held at ss yeas ead been visiting her brother, Jacob Huff-|to-Start the ball rolling, Peace has come to earth again, and though there are millions of teats
Saturday by Rev. J. pe , man. Colchester South Council made sad by the awful turmojl—that sadness {s mixed with joy’and
interment was in Brfe cemetery. Stewart Cornwall, of Detroit, spent . is miftiguter by the fact that no more noble jives may bi ef
We are all thankful to. have the}Sunday at his brother’s Harry. Corn- ee ; to the demon WAR, y be suctiices
schools and cae ey aan wall’. x ' Monday, December 1ith. :
and to know that the “Flu” bas mot) afr and Mrs. Thomis Horniman ouncil met in special session. Our stock is replete with Fresh Goods you wil!
been as serious here as in many places. )onent a few days with relatives in Present the _reeve and Councillors Holiday preparations, Peels, Figs, Dates, Talsibes Reborn pe
Miss Pearl McDonald, of Detroit, | windsor Barnet and Deslippe, Walnuts, Almonds, Molasses, Sugar, Crisco, Easifirst, Pmienpes
r}has been visiting at horjhome. . gue 0. Lockwood and.brother, of Wind-| Moved by Messrs, Barnet and Dés- Candies, Spices, etc, Prepare eftly and avold a last minute, rush
and Misses poh Se 7 ee sor, were Sunday, visitors at the par- pps) the first yore ofa by-law ta =
Leita Vincent spent Sunday in whe ental “home, ralse by way. of debentures the sum 73 ?
a oy. Rev. Dr, Husser conducted Misaion-|°f $10,000 to pay for Colchester’s por- Home of Good Eats W.S.T.B. Pp
Don't forget there een y of Ne ary meetings on the Mersea .circuit se ai cost of aes cron bridge HARROW Phone 5
at Patriotic rooms making clothes Sunday. Jas. and McLean gravel pit, and balance to ‘
French and Belgian’ refugee children. re ae alate anna t ‘to. bed | be. spentdn improving the roads. —Car- Canada Food -Board License Number e-8435,
Although the wat is over, there {6 | with heart trouble, following a severe ried, and by-inw given first reading, >
much to be done in this way. attaek of (influenza. Moved by Messrs. Deslippe and Bar-
Services in the Baptist church next! ‘fr, and Mrs. J, Mellanby and_chit- ("et that the 12th rule be suspended

 

 
  
  
    
   
 
   
 
  
  

dren weye Sunday Visitors at S. P. for the despatch of business.——Carried,
Wiele’s, California, The council then went into a com-

“Mae big auction sale of*furniture at mittee of the whole for the second

the Amherst Housé, Amherstburg, is|Te4ding of the by-law, and thesblanks
to-day (Friday), beginning ot 10 am. | Were filled and by-law givétt 2nd read:

Mr. and Mrs. Frank Stockford, of ing and provigionally adopted, and the

Amhorstburg, spent Sunday with ber|Clerk wae instructed to have same
parents, Mr. aad Mrs. Daniel Uleh, |Published In The Amherstburg Echo

Merton McCormick, wife and Mrs. for four consecutive weeks, first’ pub-
Webster: ot Walkerville, are vis-|ication to be Friday, December 13th,

{ting at his home, Geo McCormick's. 1918.
The services at the Mer Settlement |> Council adjourned.
Baptist church wilf be ey ee) Sun-
day in the school house. erybody
welcomed.

The Gerhard-Heinteman phonograph
plays all records, and makes an ideal s mas al S:

Christmas gift. See them at J. H.

Sunday as follows Sunday school and
Bible Giass at 10a.r.; public worship
at 71 am., and gospel service at 7.30
pm. A cordial invitation is: given ,to

everyone.
Service was resumed jn the’ Pres-

byterian church last Sunday afternooy

S NEW GENERAL STORE

Phone S7 Do praia shopping early. Have your SILVER laid away:

We carry in stock the New and Up-to-Date ©
Patterns and in 1847 Roger. Bros’
_ Also Community. Plate. ~~ .*

k= Alt engraving done FREE.
A..G. TAYLOR, Sa ome

2 ‘

 

Winter js here and Christm
with the crowd and do your Christmas shopping early,

We have a large assortment of the latest styles jn Fancy Ties,
also Gloves,.Swenter Coats, Shirts, ote., suitable for Christmas gifts, by Rev. Mr. Crawford, of Essex. He

that are also usemuh + will occupy the pulpit every Sunday
ae ate algo pust received & Jarke shipment of Rubbers, Rubber Re afternoon at 230 and Sunday school

as is not very. far distant. So come

   
   
 

 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 

hoe 4 Mackinaw Rubbers for big and: little, and. and will be held at 1.30 hereafter.
Boo Sk 2 aa The prevailing sickneas has inter

\ hat our Grocery Stock Is also strictly fresh. fered with another old time custom,
ee fae Stags sic and 60c. the holding of Cliristmas trees, which
thia year will be very few, It is likely

that’ Sunday schools will defer their
concerts until some time in January.
Mrs, R. K. Buchanan {8 visiting her

 

       
    

 

 

 

 

THE FARMERS’ STORE

 

sister, Mrs, H. B. Cohoe, in Detroit,

 

 

 

       
    

 

   
    
 

     
 
     
    

     
    
   
  
  
  

   

 

        
 
   
 

    
  
  
 
    
  

     
 
 
  
  
      
 
   
   
  
 

 
  

    
   
  
      
    
    
   
    
  
  
    
  

   
   
 
     

    
  
      

 
  
 
 
 
  
   
      

   

   
  

    
   
    
   
  

  
 

    
  

     
  
  
 
 
     
    
 

   
   
       
   
   

   

 

  
  
  
    
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
    
  
  
 
  

  
  
  
  

Madill & Co,’s store,
A. MICHAEL > HARROW. and also having*her baby, who has| Oxley, Methodist church services on
been ill for weeks with stomach trow-) Sunday next. The pastor will give a
anada Food Board License. Number uae ble, under the care of Dr. Douglas,/map-talk on our work in Chins and r0| in an See el ster | 00s
$thoase Fond Bead Los Nunes who is & specialist (n children’s dis-!yapan. Bverybody welcome.
ei hh ee eagome more Harrow citizens have every pallor ae panied one —==
tend next Monday night 1t the anuual le 7.
PrP H hhh ehhh hb bbe ehh ert EE eer maa | Smee Mt geleceon. of OMe ors F itigh and Low Top Mackinac Rubbers ; oe
5 ond D There will be something doing. \ 0) e ite rB t the OLD’
ti: and two sons will move there shortly.| Misa. Susie Martin, "who as been Ailes Ee ied aspen Some of the Famous Wh Rubbe oots at the OL PRICE {last year 2
Farmer's “Attention: ® The former ~has baen engaged 8 /sorjounly ill with throat. and Iunk|many naw (dean, Im toys and’ moet of 19d | CARHARTT’S OVERALLS—-CORDORY PANTS and Allovers Socks Saspendets = x:
4 a op es the tikieksepine eaenarh gt at her sister's, Mrs. William oid. a arites. | Construction Toys, eto,, for -
0. = @ older children and a_ vari | 7 i
“These prices are complete with Hoop, Lugs, Door, &c. Do ee ip. WR ieania Wao Mar eae e ecne GE ie tacck at younger members down 19 raitles, for the SWEATERS at Pe that will ma you. ?
Si Os have also gone to Amherstburg for the|riorence Clingman’s on the 18th of ve —_e “SES
winter. December, All members are requeat- DOLLARS
Tho. tact that not a car of hard coal|ed to be present. Mrs, Scott, Sec, rhe nce altolin expects re o..:
$150.00 has come to Bare yet this winter) Jason Snider and wife left on Tues-| gout for cl + usta “eure as. she 0 }
, $165.00 looks as if some discrimination wa) day for Florida,.where they will spond |looke for turk “ae mince 2 ; HARROW; ONTARIO, =
$190.00 ‘boing used in favor of other places.|tha winter. Others are preparing to|@ nice assortment to ae rom. Qressed i. oie
~* "$200.00 Another car of soft coal arrived on) git south before thee advent of cold Eats ata ila Rubber "Bo ree =
< .$205,00 Wodnesday.morning. Householders | weather. Broa bis Dolio. Prices range fro
$230.00 axe meas Te a ws Mi tah ean = will bo serviced in all three | $2.60. —-+
$245, a nglish churches of the purish “next . 5:
es or see totes Sie grams aie eure nce GAMES "BRUNNER MOND EMPLOYEES.
es 6 a8 Parr)
p Roof $20 padi CEDAR. ‘ A pone BG 16 yours old, ae oh ie PRR rent Fines tecaare and "Beminoss,” ons
ilos of 08 8 lust, ot the cauiiflowera wi Wi { will S B U U
ne ne LASTING TIMBERS, i‘ tather live and. after searching: about [shipped out on Tuesday. What look- TOY. BOOKS inier 1 SOON be on S.
0 a r i e "9 E * :
You.can readily see by the above eee that'you are getting threo months, wan departed on Friday'|tairly well atver ell, sare “ ‘Quick: PRE l picture Bodie, fo, the tiny tots In great
the benefit of the Middle Man's prices CTURER! night because ae eae means Of" $500 fleld develop from oné that look- variety, from 6o 2 ‘ ‘
AV SINESS DIRECT.WITH THE MANUEA supporting himself. Ho was plckéd|ed Ike 30 cents early inthe season. CLOTH BOUND BOOKS: Cc J 2 ,
DO EASY TERMS. up by the Windsor police when -he|'The Little frost rather belped’ out the ome into our store now and make your purchas-
ee was gg Lamar oer” ee a and some splendid heads eices: reliance ae Lerma key mow es of Overalls, Rubbers, Socks, Mitts” and everything os
excep were harvested.
ANI ING MILLS Kingsville, Ont. holes worn through them. After! Charles Clark, reeve, announces that Christmas: Cards and Booklets you require to keep you comfortable during the storfn
CONKLI Es, ae CEDAR POSTS «of |2PSRIN ED ai ee aes and. wad |e athe Breede Of private bus weather, 4
E, SHINGL ‘deported with a pair-of shoes and wad |ness, he will not ba a dandidate for the | Our ealection Is targe and varied, and h eee = 2a ee pera

 

Lim
LUMBER, heer bent provides foreach, individual’ taster

sent to Harrow, where he soi, he pad|reeveship at the coming elect
an uncle. Before crossing tte border | ratepayers gonerally Sit be dyke tt rat ta goat und: nok wall uber ee
eee lived with bis grandwotier, but}pointed because of Mr. Clark's decis- Hines have been taken...

eb Heft to find his father. jon. He has devoted two years: t
Secretary McAdoo, ort ne United \interests of the Soomnnaite.and ge CHRISTMAS PAPETERIES
States, has ordered ra 8, includ- | splendid, unselfish ‘service at tho ex-| in thie line we have something particu- ‘Brunner Mond Works,

‘aug the Pere Marquette, to restore |panse of personal comfort and lls own | larly attractive to show you in savvariely variety

thelr old time schedules and tmin ser- and feels tha of neat and” noel deal ne rang
. vice, now. tate rake. Done oul the obi obligation ee ete tas falta ea GOo to EO Vou, could. not pura shave
supply voting, as éve! od je 6 a usetul Winatever jou ,do, bar
order includes the Canadian division | a part of his tie nee ae time jer you “5

    
   

   

  
   
 
   

" 4 DEALERS iw

oN: A. Marra

 
 
    
   

 

    
  
    
  
 
 
   
  

 
  
  
 
   
  
  
    

   
    
   
 
  

   
   
  

  
   
  

 
    

oy assortment of Goots jot the Pere Marquette, & pati of thie |publie. ‘There in very ttle munct UNTAIN ENS. Do you know that J. J. Stuclair’s| Methodist. church services
‘ Me ee eit Le rea ringer eR EIT cy aaa n cpl ee é loubt some cod a FOUN Pi N) ied 9 _ |store, jae is the rear Saale next. Missionary programs
H Ca; S. Git and Sweaters through which the railway rms and {times comas. The iive question alone ele ‘her, cea Parker ‘a fetta ino ees oNohinaware, tit on, Ghinw wud cree :
ats trom which large bonuses wre col-} the electorate: is an Amproveds road See wen w LUCKY /fancy goods. Joather goods, etc. Cone | ject: “The Four Pillars of,
v jected, ought to lose no tiny putting|scheme. © Gu ee. fancy goods. leather rans Comé | oct: “Tho Fo
A fine asso ¢ assortment a : ie Dowkinion Rathway. and ihe ay ees following. reference to the late. ; MC enc | 7 ord - af an aouen = will be taken, ’ a
ss ‘aylor was overlooked |i $ 5 | ‘ord was recelv ore. Monday 0 Sake “
; d Hi adkerchiefs. j Bonrdl to enforce Mr. McAdodt order|tuat week: Lottie Taylor was cea Caso P t so a good| tho death of (Mra, Curtis Bertrand, at d om
8 Neckties Scarfs and ha Rlin Canada, This known that alipublic | December 1th, 1888; or epestery eath of 3 ris Bertrand, at = —_—_
a Ears corporations inte. arabe ae aut ish, seed 18 Be Sho was married (9 Bee. In alten December. Srd. |S. 8.
* : ve to resi 6 se ae ;
3 Veompelled to do so, and a tap on the |anwas only a wide April grd, 1938, TH, yw

tt will have little effect.: The most | anda few days
re mensures therefore should be }a moiber of the A, , 4 a Zion ch
an Foe malig = en ;
 
   
        

: ¥ Punlisnea
THE EGHO PRINSING GG;

ed President of the

 
 
 
  

 

    
   
  
  
  

 

 

   

 
 
  
 

   
   
   
 
   
     
  
   
   
  
 
    
   
   
 
    
   
    
    
   
 
 
 
   
    
   

 

cn
__ FRIDAY, DECENBER 13th, 191d 2 Oh the fight < ree The committee in charge of the
Tees Charles Souchereau, Norman Gul-! roxd repairs on the west front road YOUR SELECTIONS
Ratan 4 Peres ‘ ; :
Canada ralaed 105,579,700 bushels Alvin.De aaa sup Lea Girard | reported that the work lind been ap- SOTA TIS, Western Kewspapsr Unies
of potatoes this year. a pe Sane (ie poolroom ‘of Joseph La. Plante, portioned to the: satisfaction of the IS Christmas presat Now—
for every man, wonian and Child in| the ) seph L ante, | parties concerné iba era aeelietincals
‘| the Dominion . 160 Wyandotte strect, Friday night.| ‘The recye reported that while on the ‘eft arm trom vail Ee es oe
A —_—_—_— The boys, all af whom were 18 years | mainiand Ire had done his best to get fH on his | ORDER ASIDE AND
pi People required to) old. were remanded for sentence. a>man to assist in locating the trou- gun. He lay upn his
carry registr: but they sti} With more aay! POE ee service | hip In line 4 of the telephone system, in the feidivospital. DELIVER IT-1N TIME
come in handy feation, or|in France and other bate zones but none were available. a Miletide busts pervad- |g.
as a cheap for visiting | ils credit, Sergeant George! i reers | Moved by the reeve, seconded by ed the camp: outside. FOR CHRISTMAS
cards: Dawson, nephew of Frank W. Begley, | y1-, Lawson, that a warrant be issued With grim, set lps,
—— of the Detroit Free Press staff, meét)1to airs. James Quick for the sum of through on spen win-
ee death one day before signing of the| $7.59, balance due her for special dow, he watcindan alr

IrMistice,

 

  
 

 

    
 

 

 

be The nomination for the bye-election | jp Windsor by mail Monday: syatom.
i" in North Ontario will be held on Lw- Influenza cases in Windsor, while} “Moved by Mr. Plerce, seconded by
4 eember 23rd. wuile the election will be | decreasing. are numerous enough | yfr- Laweon, that Mrs, James Quick,
i he!d on Feoruary loth, if-an election }to cause the | th authorities much} in charge of the North station of the
i is necessary » returning officer for] concern. There were twelve neW/tejephone cable service be instructed
the riding is Wiliam Ale yunder Hobi- | cases reported on Friday. with three} (9 collect from all non-subscribers the

 

deaths.
Alphonse

Cannington

son,

Sylvestre,

 

   
  

 

   
 

4 L: is likely that all amusement taxes | old, a member of “C” company, W: O. itor each message over the local lines.

‘) in Ontario w be carried on indefin-]R., London, who had come home on a} —(Capried
Bi jlely, despite fact » war is over.| few days’ furlough Moved by Mr. Nageleisen, seconded
ie jal The Ontario Gover nt believes the Alderman E, B. Winter will oppose by Mr. Barnes, that By-law No. 334,
l Fi tax will to some extent make up any] Mayor Tuson, who will seek a third] peing a by-law to fix the time for hold-
fi revenue lost on prohibition. The one}term at the, municipal .clections in| ing the nominations for candidates for
" .mill tax on municipalities as a war] January.. Aldermen MéTavish, Weber] the office of Reeve and Councillors
measure will be iifted as soon as]|and Keogh. will not seek re-leection.¢ at one o'clock.in the afternoon, be now
possible. The Trades and Labor Council has} pead a third time and passed.—Car-

———— EE decided to nominate a candidate {6r] rjeq.

the Board ‘of Educat

Minister of
the ofty council.

the post

Mewburn,

     
 

 

  
 
 
    
 

 

       

  

Croix de Guerre

  
   

a)
Tar,

dit was af al] possible question of
7" Nis iowa eS active

    

 
   

Immigration at
any bolskevik

of
fiscate

may

  

in th
teuc

cation, while

dressed the promised

 

 

   

 

 
 

   
 
 

ingenuity and lively interest in their ted in the

 

   
 
 
 
  

 

 

 

     
    

   
   
 

   
     

 

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

           

 

     
 

 

 

  
  
  
  

 

     

   

   
 

   
  
  

    

   

 

    

 

    
 

   

  

    
 

 

 

 

’ Jacob Rosco
JOHN A. AULD, = A. W. Mf SH, Were fined $30.50 each for a
President. Sege trees. William Mokerviteh.

niibitinsty.O1 MM can le
(Rev.) 7
installed Baptist minister

‘~would be considered, ogether with at a) Mrs.

that of granting the men an extra al- a thisc ty

lowanee for overc Orders were recelved
Hon. Dr. Cody, Alinister of Edu- Orval G. Adams,

Windsor,
{ literature that
haye found Sts way into foreign

 

  

 
 
 

William Hanrahan was Aeon elect-
Mutual
Benefit Associntion Friday night.
and Tony

Catholic

 

 

Make

according to word received

jon -and oné

Gr.

 

Saturday

to

eee faces r atin rare te sections of the border cities... Persons
high Panne in_pihicing the spiritual who take into the Dominion any Bol-

ue rape Sere ve shevist propa fa are lable, -the
above the material in educational life. | gerin-counell states.to a $1,000 fine,
and urging them: not = es aves Of} haste imprisonment for two years.
roles -and regulations. but to develop ing of-the dullding las

e increase

 

  

 

  

 

   

 

 
    

 

  

 

 

Arbichick

viteh was

for

Uin-

wife

by
inspéctor in charge
con-

 

in

    
 

Pelee Coun
Suturday,. No'

counci) beld this day. Al! membe

present
The minutes-of the

read and,

 

One of the victims was Pte.}sym of 10 cents each’ extra, for all
nineteen years |

messages over the cable, and 10 cent

  

Moved by Mr. Pierce,
Mr, Nageleisen;

* discharge pay for may be con- Dr, Frank McLay. of Woodstock, |77, balance for improvement in the
tinned for six is instead ~ of} Wo wasr practicing in Grimsby when| Round Marsh, be tranaferred to main-
three, so as to tide men over the | 2@ enllsted*three years ago, las been | ienance account. to close up improve-
difficult days‘of winter. In speaking peomaled 0 TUR oe a ment account.—Carried.

5 halk 2 thar-if| @Wayded the Military: Cross and the Moved by Mr. Nageleisen, seconded
of clothing allowance peed ace He {s a brother of

transferred to general account,
close
Moved by Mr.

by Mr. Lawson;

Kerr .& McNevin, Barristers. Solici-

tors, étc.. be and he is hereby .auth-| 8elf-contalmed and

orized to begin proceedings against | abstracted.

the Owners of Fishing Point in this “Bravest cf all

township, for injunctiow.“damages and| my dear brave

such other matter as the case de-| children!” spoke

mands.—Carried. the  war-=carred
The Clerk reported What he had ad- veteron. “You

vertised “for

 

drainage systems,

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

 

 

 

   
   
 

 

  

 
 
  

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

    

 
 

 
 
  
 
 

     

  

30th
Regular monthly medtting of. the

lust regular
sault On| meeting and special meetings were
on motion of Messrs. Nagel-
In the Hotel Dieu for four days 48 @/ eigen and Plerce, adopted.

booth cable service of the telephone

seconded by
that the®sum of $103,-

by Mr, Lawson. | teeta OL SS) 91,
ba @ doctor's residence account, be

to
up residence account.—Carried.
Nageleisen, seconded
that John G, Kerr, of

commissioners and. en-
for the Big Marah and Curry.
but had re-

  
   
  

     
 
 

rs

Decoration
4]

By WALTER DELANEY

 
  
  

          
      
  
    
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
 

     

COME IN AND MAKE

 

  
 

a

ship gyrating'h mid alr,
and wondered what the
future would bring to
him of weal and woe.

“The most resigned, heraic patient
we ever had,” spoke the Red Cross
nurse to the surgeon. “When he woke
up after the anesthetic and missed his
arm, he said quietly: They didn't get
both, did they? I've one still left for
the service of my country.”

“Yes,” nodded the &urgeon, “the man
is made of hero stuff all through. He
rooted elghteen of the foe out of a
trench and marched them into camp
all alone, that shattered arm hanging
useless at his side.”

“Sergeant Dexter Marsh has some
thing on his mind,” sald. the nurse. He
keeps his eyes fixéd with a faraway
look, as if some haunting sorrow made
him forget everything else.”

“Tell him the general is coming to
Petshien,” adriscd: the surgeonpestatet—

But the patient simply stniled his
thonks when thé nurse imparted the
intelligence. Even
when the general
appeared be was

CIEE

8

Toys and Games

For Big Boys

Erector Setg, Gymes
Books, Ete., Ete.

hove added to our
Flory omd the

:
fe
£
:
:
Rs
+
:
£
£
£
£
es
=
£
G3
£
£
:

 

 

 

 

 

   

  
    
      
     
  
    
    

     
   
    
  
  
  

  
 
 
     
 
  

    
   

 

SANTA CLAUS’S

Toy Headquarters

ALL GOOD CANADIAN: MADE TOYS.
TOYS AND GAMES FOR LITTLE BOYS

Sulkies with Horse, Coaster Wagons, ete

Silver, Nickel Plated and Aluninum Ware, China Ware, Fancy
Goods, Leather Goods, Papeteries, Smokers’ Sets, ete., etc.

We will be pleased to help you make your Christmas selections.’
‘Your task will be an easy one here:

P. S—WE HANDLE ALL THE LATEST MAGAZINES.

Ja Js SINCLAIR 7

 

    
  
  
     
  
     
      
    
   
   
  
 

   
            
     
   
 
 
   
   

and Dolls for Little Girls
~For Big Girls
Dolls, Sewing Sets
Kitehen Sets, China Sets, Ete.

 

 

 

  
   

   
    
      
   
  
    
  
   
  
     
 
 

    
 
 
  
 

 

     
 
   

 

 

     

     

   
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
    
    
    
  
  
    

  
 
    
   
    
      
     
     

  
    

calling the work of Building Inspector Robt. | cejvéd no tenders. and that while he} @a°My aciknowl- ° .
Oe of Wi indlsor. who reported on} had received@replies and..communica-| edges It switih grat- 2
Something over twelve Saturday that no‘fewer than 20 per-| tions in‘ regard to the Public school | {tude afd ex 5 é vi
a Peasy mits for ‘rasidences have been issued Conk at Hon "dabedtures Na ia a LI - i ie Sires ay Bathousie Street é, A HERS TBURG
d Canal whe by him since the end of November.) cejyed no offers eh” -
em stoaien’ 2 Vincent D. St. Louis? formerly of De-| “The following accounts wore’ pre-| “atm” 2md she Jesfeelesfsteelesleteeleses STL EEEEE
It is announced toni Ottawa t tro Saturday, was granted permits | sented -and. on motion of Messrg} adit golten
work wil) pfoceed-in full force in t to @rect five 4-fam flats on Craw-|Plerce ‘and Barnes, warrants were {s- bl > the
spring, and that the intime all] ford avenue, that will cost $40,000 sued for the payment.of same: bbs the patient wore.
necessary preparations v be made Bes padi Lo der aa made by General Account: tie my boy,” spoke the gen-
This vie 1 siiould be; pushed for-|4 faction, of the Clambers of ‘Com-] Davit, McCormick, War, No, 88, eral, ell! see that you help win the | ssteezssfocfaofcfecteofonfocleofocloofoefaofeolocleeloefooleafeelooleeteoleale oe Sobel,
ward with > as it will enlarge me a ao nere eee be: em- trip to Marblehead with Dr. war_behind the Ines as a directing k ink x ~ bolero
the*countr 1 for doing business. /Ploxed" in the board's jons, the Bultetititess ene ae &$ 15 00} force, just as yon have with that mad
a ee aeeided F poara! nies i ie phe Rr aC: Earp No, 89, nin 0 205 reckless dash thait has Invallded Sore tae ‘
= ecelded that @ change Wh p left a ouncillor_£ F fe .
Michael J. Dee ifore40 years a lead-| a vote of members. , T vote was a Meee eA “acting an 55 78 -At nidon, when tlim nurse'came again | f
er in any project conductive (O%ivic| tdken at the meeting last (Thursday) | F. 0, Nageleisen. No, 41, aan to the*cot her patient was gazing at | & te
or state betterment, and wit om night. The work of the present ylcos as Counuillor :o% 45 the ray seed eeerk sen trimmings, and r ae
al reputation o8 a brillfant editorial} retary, which has been « ed, B. P. MeCormick, No. 91, board? seemed pleased at some _. flowers 5
iter, died of eart TAUB Ly indorged at the meeting as highty sat: |v and tba site? Dr. Butterick 3.50 prerEh by a comrailie who sat beside t £
at his home in Detroit... Mr. Dee was | Isfactory Jas. H. White, No. 92, serviees = m, fe pS :
connected with thr De it News from Admitting telling > Dotectives Reid as Reeve, acting on commit- : “The whole compmn rante:
: pte aft ts Ue : ; ; t 3 a: I npmny wanted tp
ie a J it ren DE iP Ae aoe Bronerieeae: a Argel. bps alart : tées, ete. . - * eae 90 35 come,” explained the lntter, “but I tala £ Ps Opportunity for the People of Amhersthurg. tt
ak a as a Eek a fil ahead ch) Streat, ndsor. | E,. Simpson, No, 93, cleaning them that wotlldn’t do,’” + 3,
writer of The Detroit Free Press. in.j John Hanlon, tobacconist; was found out.drain in cellar, Dr.’s res{- wee :
SUNT cect eetincaein | les Seer ae TRS i Re Se pias tas Aes! anteooeaee sane! i ed Hb Christmas will be exactly one year since we started business and we are : therefore ‘¢ "
resignation on accc of illness Jj lice cour iday Magistrate Miers | M. Barrett, N 94, ak ~s = + ose ate
1914. deferred sentence, Hanlon’ pleaded |~= port of sand and gravel ox Marsh very well?” sihe inquired point- t going to run such @ sale as Amherstburg has never before seen. ‘ Bs
ee ee ee that he confessed to the officers, sbe-| ported) 1915-16.17.18 09 |,cdly; and as he nodiiled, “then can you i +
Until the tfme arrives for laying up | cause: he was afraid t would kil’) General Account, No. jel me what {8 so ‘constantly on his ofe
the vessels which have been used by [him 4f. he refised to rx in- ance to credit Dr,’s residence $9 91 , mind?” SALE STARTS SATURDAY DECEMBER 14th +
the Naval Dep mp GT OR petro} ore sr mau ue, Stat ih wa razy | George Plerce, No. 96, services “It's Ada Wilbert.” fe, of
etc, it is un y that the demohbiliza~[to say sucl¥ thi sali as sCoun@illorn tind acting on “Who is she?” + ‘
tion of Canad: ival forces will take Mowe Bro beh? seventy-five committees <..... 87 ss ¥i ¥ nd ti t il ft Chri t ;
place, It is understood that the num-| years old, former superintendent of wwiNiam:. ue "son, 3 erioee: ies She par his wits. 2 Back, hone: be a a con inwes un I a er rs mas.
ber of mengin the Canadian navy who] the Sandwich, Windsor & Ambierat- vices as Councillor. of married her on an imipulse, He had fe ofe
will. be returned to. cl¥ ‘il. occupations ; Railway system died Thitirsday.| santo ... : owgphie 57200! atited Pie eee She cent Eyery price in oun store has been red uced for the oceasion. All goods fresh from . .
8 about hese men I ils home no| William «Pierce, No#98, me et tebe PEO ata am.
have been n various, capaci: ay avenue from an attacks ofpar tapa : Biege gettihg. Dr ae nurse and follow hitm abroad.’ They oe factory—no seconds or imperféct goods. Be i
ties; on motor boats efigaged ih pati He had Ived Mn Windsor al} “thevisland :,sa%....°....... 33 51] Were married by a clergyman, near the | «fs 4 $1.50 Ladies’ P. & C a
moe Well as on larger vessels, in ae E senttyy, ant was in the|The McLean Publishing Co., » | depot. Marsh 'yvd just time to snatch v3 Fleeced-Lined Underwear = np ete Cc {
anadian waters . e oy of the street raflway company No, 99, advertising:.....,.. 13 50; # kiss and catch ‘the train. He has , DOTBOUS) 7 ais. a> Cet iach ere
SS crear ong years. Besides his wite,|D: Re-Dryden, No. 100, 2 days’ never, heard from her since, but a |% Penman’s and Yorknit, -, 89c 98 White 5 e: = -
The British Government has-agreed | ene SUVive two dgught one off work on pump, repairing month ago-a relative wrote him that Ladies’ or Men’s; sale price. ,...4. a is .
s NEALE day | enom: ts Mra) J. E. Aiwkins, Niagara Gran iy Maen ie Hk sck eee G50 Flannelettes “
ig ue as ia oe a “ olBl es aa ey Falls, Ont., and one son, Pte. Frank Big Marsh Drainage: om | Ada_had Serpe ie ae Pood $1. 50 Penman’ 8 Ribbed Wool Ol. 15 ‘or . tie wows SA “ \.
or all members of the wages sti a rockle c, i Enel: an re > : led. She ha sown <9C ‘
RA Ee panies Cae seen Brocklebank, {fi England with a Can-| James’ Plipps, War, No, $7: ringe nonulled : h . oe Underwear. Sale price....¢ 5
as adjain ywnit.. Another. son, Sergt. Thas. i A 5 Fe - -, | him, and {t broke hfs heart. le
{n fulfillment of the pledges given the] p-o-i1y 3 teaming. coal, etc.....,, 22, 15.61 . “ 9 WE tS 9.5 «sins ro oe ek ee
rillwaymon recently by the president (crecklsbank. “vas killed in action a] William Otter, No. 882 blitek: | ‘Poor soul!” murmured the nurse’| $2.00 Men’s Grey i 25e Striped ‘
of the Moard of T ade. The eight-hour Traian: there is, an immed{ate-im-| J we si Ni ‘e 9 “900 Ibs. aS Sees ee dusk a A Coat Sweaters. «hist Su nae <8 a: A te * i i tt De = ’
ae aa ae : 88 Gre Ip, t ediate at Ue . Gibb, No. S9,-9 8 arsh clo: his eyes og ask com ra x wlannele iwi tee tee : re
Wrgacg oral xi Pees cee Maven aif in the influenza epidemic.| fire clay ..:...... tage: ane The bands cobuide were playing Is eee oor ee 35¢ Winter W ight 7 aye C
a no ie co Rees sOnS Mayor Tuson, of Windsor, will aga! The Ludi: Ainsiia. Lumbe a * y : | 35 : oo.
service. will remain unaltered pending |orive the sevoule Cece ine eee aero al ata: eon ae = al old, familiar + E SWEAtCTS 9h. etm os ccs o> clei te oR eg __ Stockings ‘ ;
oe a se athe cldae iit wie cnt | Monday night. There, were 15,deatlis | Stafford Byttom, No gre Se Spe 2 $1.00, Muleskin 2 ene ER F
atives of both sides which will"be:set| trom the plague in the, border Muriici- } ary ais Chmmissione % | tured mind. went |! ‘ ee 5¢ Girls’. Fleece
up to review wages and other con-] patitias ; . : ee her), - §80 00 back to Nome (GOP Soe anoGon aro nogoane.
‘tions Of Serve obfrallwaynien: pulitiés during the week-end, “the | Lester Gow, Nos. 92, 9% 94 stockings ceten ; 5
ISI Se A SE a sald. re an alarming inctease pumping and ea a scenes of) which + $3.75 Penman’s Natural Wool Sealant * Ses a oe
‘ in tiesnumber of new cases. One of Utah. eo 5 Ada had been the 1s
For the convehlence ofssoldiers Who | the vicume-Was Thomas: Leo Chick,{Hunt & Welss, No, 98 exchange 0° te center: The nurse {°F .* Combinations ..............+. 0 Boys Heavy Blue dene S :
are now arsiving in“ large. numbers |25 years old, son of THomas Chick:| -on currency .. stig 26 fancied hewwas |e $10. 60 Men’s All Wool ey :
from-Great Britain, the Minister. of | président of2the Chick’ Contracting Curry Marsh Drainage: ° } aslebp, and left {7% all sizes |
Finance has arranged with the Bank | Company,sWindsor, . Mr. Chick, who} Earl Piper, No. 15; bala ora th Pos In th e Mackinaw Coats ....... a
of Montreal that a.representative of} had been iM-four,days, died “Montay aR BTC Sa faalone mpe sa Pa e room. In the | of ‘ -
that Bank? will meet returning ships {night in Hotel Dieu. H» was a mem-|A. M. McCormick ¢ ree Sone: 00 corridor “outside | ef ” SHOES f “ek *
mg Bane every facility for exchange ber of Great Western Masonic Lodge,’ 16, oll, ete. as or Sear 47%3 % reread 4 % x ;
ng British ‘money into Ca at |-Ark Chapter, Knights. Templar and the |A.S Corlett. No 12 ane Fe) Peogsamer st grok 0
the recognized ‘rate of $4 $ per? Shrinerd: -Burial.was ats Ww ‘ednes: a9 Ue ee Me aoe bricks 14 her, t $6.00 Men’s English Mahe cay Girls Heavy School Shoes; av,
Dorntaby the Government, The sot) 2” semen unde Matontc ‘auspices Round Marsh Drainage: “inns Arnola™ Shoes : Sizes 11 to 2., 92.65
3 y the Gove lent. hé sol- SS Sy eS al eee ete Pee oo, Sener ees fitout DLLOCR) os 0. 5 ee a . eens rc ry *
ht ie eat 1x ee ——— Robert Scott. No. $8, salary a she inquired. ag 2 a ‘
Lee ek A aan age ALLIED OCCUPATION commissioner .. : ieee 25 0 “Yos.” $7.00 Ladies’ High Top Mahog-, > $550 Boys’ Black Elkskin Shoes; 3 ¢ al
adjan money immediately. upon at-] S¢ 48 = TROUBLING BERLIN | Round Marsh Improveme nt_Ac- 1S “From the chief £ ee Shoes, Neolin Soles. : YSiges: 4 to Paige is wi x : i
{ 2 | coun C) balance of ac- of the z 3 ye
siya, $s") London. December 7th.—An extra-! ‘count transferred .........1 103 77 staff” ‘The nurse read an Pee 5.00 Ladies’ Gunmetal $4 50 sree Dongola Shoes; 5 $1 00 7 *
: F , Malden Council. ~~ ae we me eaaa “AL? Bart “on” irene ne ferring her to another ward, substl- z Wsuoes Soper aoe reser s . Wes AL (OT eee aie oe eee . +e. e f r
> » Nove 7 5 2 ¥ B “4 ’ S f
Sal oa vegan ie ae Thursday evening to discuss the poss} A.M. Gow. No. 10, repairing | nts aoe me ee store RUBBERS ? i t
Coupcll mec ia ees a aloe sibility of the Allies Occupying Berlin, | bridge 100 Spe : '
Pree thgnceya dec anche OFS! owing to Germany’s: alleged inability : - acy know who I am? spoke the
; hen ee : _|to ‘carry out the terms of the armis-} ditching and hauling gravel 32 60 en. \ 1.45 Men’s = 1.00 Ladies’ P
Moved by Mr. Langlois, seconded by | ting a: prding to Amsterdam advices| Elmer Rel. No. 12, Shays’ “Why, yes. I—I cannot understand.” $ “3 T 35 ae 2 95 4
ao at La ro Aer uate ditching=....... 35 00.) “AS to my being her®? It has been UPPERS; aya hos oe gt oe RUDDERS acs.seaer Macs cae eA
JolNee or for fe Townsh = Bow tek ne sah aa cise nm ie ro! ‘'
a = < , : Group @ ~ | the one impulse of my lif i 25 Ladies’ Cloth “Top Men's Hip Len -
for the’ year 1918.be read —Carrledy Was ‘ y Hfepever since $1. € I F | Pp : : a
. and by-law read the necessary number 3 “ ap UKE Noy 285-0 “day's 2 50 He vrai Sua passed. the re- RODHEVS geass oe SS d BOGts teh eaters ct Ay, 3 Nis Ls :
of times and finally passed and adopt- . = 50) striction no wife could accompnny wa , ,
a i A, Ware :
ed. a be . her husband abroad. * My mnderiss < > 3
Moved by Mr. Martin. seconded by 4 me ce : 26 00) went for naught. I had {t annulled.
. avid Scott, ‘No. 30, 1134, days’ s
Mr. Braun, that the engineer's report with (eam ...... 57 50 am ho longer a wife. Iam only a wie : "
on mee erases Mickle drain be read. Lloyd Jupp,.No. 31, 1% digs ing, loyal girl, whose place 1s beside’ a | | %
Moved by Mr. Braun, seconded by w hauling gravel sc. 22- 1.008 7 BO i tae for whom she would sive.her, ‘. Ree 4 :
+ erry ; Plerce, No, 32, 1 day team e. 5 ae : >
Mr, Langlois, that the enginee - ie y a j Aj
ae ai die” Ohanes oy pee pt He r 2 4% Ways’ shovelling......., 16 25] <Adn swept aside the enveloping DRY GOODS AND CLOTHING
Bees case ame rome 2] Keep thé somach well | Many reitaat  | y g (Sere sanommemee t aarp RAY TREET AMHERSTB
by-law for same.—Carried. . * ae 8 ae ou noble creature!” quavered the UR S E MHE S URG
_ Moved by Mr. Braun, seconded by the liver active, the bowels Hoye autpies NO anys 10 09 | BUS: “Come.” : .
i@ Mr Langlols, thatthe council adjourn} regular, and the breath | John Jupp, No. 38, 2% daz? And after 2 while, when the shock
LSA iene SS 2 “will Bevees d health Manet ees 6 25] 904 surprise of her presence had been
WHEN WILL HOUSE OPEN? But 1 an 6 Harvey Wade, 0. 36, 1% days subauey xe retold her story to Dex- — a
UI let poisons accumue- man ..,.. pevsorstrecses 975 | tem, Maral : i : F
Ministers of the crown state that lat tl a David Scott, No. 37, 1 day man Ontslde comrades were singing 190. eee Aabaiees as ic) ois saad eee Sout Qucun atreoh, hee. tC
the Cabinet has not yet given serious ein the gestive organs, ae coo “. fo tessseeeseee 5 00] Christmas carols, but within his happy | There is no question of the right of |'Marquette railway, has been purchas-
consideration to the fixing of the date the system becornes clogged, - J. Hussey, No, 38, wirk on soul the very harps of heaven seemed Toronto {3 said to’ have more than/Guelph to claim the bigrest poultry}ed by Leonard Allen, who intends:
fas the opening of Parliament. As f ie ae: AF eer daestas 12 60) to’ echo, with an angel of love and | {ts share of hard coal for this season|show fn America, as. the’ birds on romodel the realderice conslogrenyn
oe fa aaa te for giving mem- | Qases lorm in. the stomach aad (abn 0. sone: mercy at his side! poem of the’ year) and supplies are being|fand at the Winter Falr this year pie
rs more than 30 days’ notice there ‘and affect the b th. Mil {6Cormhink Noah. ae & 00 Te held up at the border by the United | umber nearly 7,000, and the judges,| The Ottawa Government
still time in which to summon the e e brea es) Cormick, No, 40, 445 ft wh
lise for the despatch of b |. days’ hauling gravel.. 22 50 States Government ‘authorities. Fuel] several of whom are from the United| called upon to settle the dis
the: middle ottan nite pparese : D. McClure, No. 41, 2 d yoman - dealers in Toronto will not admit that | States, and have an international re-; tween the Province of Queb
A ee aS ( 4 Led ; there {4 more coal there now  than|putation for this work, with their apec-| Newfoundland, as to
sion appears to be growing lio . ond team , 5 10.00] France’ as Aenounced, her trade y 6 boun
growing _liow- : PPS On oe hould be, but state that a great deal} il birds, admit that the quality is|of Ungava. It may be sent to.

 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 

that the House may not meet
‘i towards the end-of January and
age te until the carly part of
* The statement made by
Ison that he expects to}.
pe tr @ period not ex.
its the pos-

ernments,

    
   
    
  

  
 

these conditions. with
-Beecham’s Pills, | They
promptly regulate the bodi-
ly functions aude are a a opti ds
‘Temedy:

nd

     
    
 

 

Telephone System:

Olive Stewart, No. 45, salary as

operator, November ......,.
Albert Muir, No. 46 salary as

lineman, November ........

‘charge on tax roll, 1918....
le

   

    
   
   
 
  
  

| tariff rates e

9
on Soar 1918... of

of coal has. been cansighed to-Toronto
for re-shipment, and that tho proba-
| bilities are that the notice of reship-
m- | ment has not been forwarded to the

oper authorittes.”
© railways aré really the cause of

made, how

 

Pee tinea

Tina Aon bo, virtual

  

| restrictions on the import of coal wie

   

   
  
 
  
    
    
  
  
 
 
 

mecond to none. White Leghorns, peril ae! Caps

‘White Wyandottes, Plymouth Rocks,
and Rhode Island Reds are the. birds
‘best reprosented, and of the single-
Some claim that comb variety of the last-named. bird)
alone there are 60 birds more than

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 

year, which shpw in the nuniber||

va rebord: up to that]

   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

GEORGE NATTRBESS. son of Rev. _
Thomas Nattress, of Chalk River, Ont.

formes ,pustor St. Andrews church,~ ~~
Amlierstburg, enlisted in the 7Un.C, M.
R,, and went across in 1916 with a

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

GEORGE JOHNSON, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Johnson, af St, Thomas, {s on
old Amherstburg boy, who went “over
Hyere" with the it Contingent. He

 

 
      

 

 

       
 
  

was bad'y wou i at the first battle

of Yprep and after a 3 in hospital number of ‘other Amberstburg - boys,
was discharcod ns nied] Ny unfit for He came. successfully through all the
furtior service. He is now in the big battles, still wearing the smile

  
  
  
   
  

tliat won't come off.

   

Railway Postal service.

 
 
 

   
   
 
 

    
  
      
     
       
    
      
        
  
   
     
     
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
   

  

    

  
 

   
 

EDWARD.MAGUIRE, son of Mr. nd. WHEELER CORNWALL, one of two “RIL” WIGLE, aon of the late David
DICK" CHRETIEN, son of Mr. and lived for some years in Myiden, wont RONALD URTON ae aa EARen Mrs. Henry Magulte, of Amherstburg, sons of Humilton Cornwall,.Anhérst- D. \Wigle. of Amherstburg, enlisted in’
Mrs: Edras Chretien, ‘Alma street, was neo with the First Canadian ees 8 Bea went with a Western Butt, in tie First burg, went oversens with the Meédtcal the West, and left in April, 1918, from wets
a member of tho 99 Essex County ngent, Ted was wounded sev- boy who lived in Malden and Amlhterst- Gontingent, He was twice wounded Corps from Calg two years ago intt Victoria, B. C., tor.overseas. He has
Battalion, golng overseas In May.1916, v3, the most serious wound purg for a-few years and enlisted in in France, the second occasion..being March. He .wnd his brother Keith been in France and recently met somo se
He was ely wounded early in it In the heart from Cupld. : a sliort time ago, and is now! {n”hos: i... were stretcher bearers, , Wheeler was of lis old “Amherstburg frionds, ag”
j ice Dagnin En married the girl and {gs yet, in the 99th Essex County Battalion, going pital. His letters home have been full Ywounded a year-ago and haa since cording to a letter in The Bcho two.
‘ overseas jn 1916. He is In Wranee._, of interesting anecdotes. been in England, Keith jg In France, _ Weeks ago; * ae so

 

Sa ee ee er ead

    

 

  

wee i SE,
LUAN PARK ls. son“of Mr, and é 9 7
$ f s Riri ot tis acne e we VIOTOR-RBNAUD, son of Mr. and - " :
; : Mra Elmer: Park, (of Miideng ke wae Mrs, Atitolné Renaud, King Street, =" a soy Be : :
ORVSLDE SINASAC, son of Mr, and DELBERT R. QUICK, gon of Mrs. chosen to go overseas in a draft that Amierstburg, went overseas, in. Janu- ROBERT WILSON, son of Mrs. MARTIN GHBR: son of My. and Af 2
M white Sipasac, Elm, Avenue, Janes’ Drummond, Harrow, went over- left London the middle of the year ary, 1918, and landed in France 14th - William Wilson, St. Arnaud street, 3 , /RACR. > ei.
ae nibs ofillsted in’ the Ameri: seas In May, 1918, with the American when #0. many others Were given 5 eat feet) ee Sauter Iided in England May 24th,4918, He Audrey Gibb, Anderdon. 4s. now Nese ae a
ie PS edicionact Force {n,the South, Expeditionsry <Force,.. from Camp leave. Pte. Park's last letter home fond returned to an Engiiah hospital entisted Insthe Canadian Engineers tlaned wit Fae :
Sse ee is an e about the middle Mead, Maryland. He is a sergeant in stated that<he was about.to lefive for October 14th, where he still Js recelv- and is now attachéd to the Royal En- oned at Witley Canip, Surrey, es ate
and wen 8 ene . motor and alrcratt work. France. ing treatment. \ gineers at Seaford, England.” land. Hé went overseas in May, 1918; ?> ~ F

  
   
   
 

   

of the year.

    
      

 
   
   
    
 
 
  

THE GOVERNMENT’S

GERMANY. WjJLL_ NOT at Tee
HOUSING PROGRAM

DUMP HER GOODS
ON GREAT BRITAIN

ONTARIO FAT STOCK SHOW.’ |IMRERIAL BANK'S
NEW BRANCHES

 

DENMARKIS BACON TRADE..

 

 

 

MILITARY cROSS TO CORN GROWERS’ MEETING.

para oes Ata meeting of the executive of the Before the war Denmark used to
' Ontarfo Corn: Growers’ Association {t sont Great Britéin 2,300,000 hundred-
was decided that the anuat exhibition walght.at bacon per year. Today Den-
would be held fn Chatham ormorles:/ mark is herself short of 1,873,000 pigs.
Ay This wos) on Feburary 11t “to 14th, inclusive} and her great hungry neighbor, Ger-
for gallantry «under fre. cae {'many, {@#short 19,306,000 pigs: Brit

ablograu ‘ceived | Indications point to the exhibition this
announced -In a cable Pall ree yaar. eclipsing that of former years.|ain will have to’ look ‘elsewhere for
py his lordship, Captain Fallof 18 7 7 'y Gregory, of Kent Bridge, s)presi-)'the bacon Penmagk used to supply,
bishop's youngest brother ; dant, and P. L. Fancher, of Chatham,| and herevis where Canada will) find

 

 

 

 
 

This year’s exhibitora at Toronto's
annual Fat Stock Showy and sale,
which terminated on Friday at the)opencil three new branches in the

Union Stock Yards, Toronto, had vo} Canadian west. They are -located at nae a i

reason to fed) other than satisfied with}Grand Prafrie,’ Alberta; Waldheim, Piyaenthe sp ete Speaking a
the prices they received In open) com-| Saskatchewan; and Riverton, Mank) member of the coniition Government
petition for their exhibjts, Tagen all} toba: guid that whatever else “Germany
over, the prices were better than ; nr might pay jn discharging the cost of
yoar,ago, which in some” measure) pope EsseEK SOLDIERS. HOME. | the war) she must not. be allowed to

| (Monetary Times.)

The Dominion Government hag an-
nounced that it will lonn funds to the
provinces up to-a total of; $25,000,000.
for the purpose of assisting in the
construction of houses ‘throughout the
Dominion. Quite apart from tho-wis-
dom of a measure of thig>kind ft Is
obvious that {t ig a.yiolation of ‘the

The Imperial’ Bank of Conads has

  

Rey. Fi Tharles

Captain the Rey. Father ch
A. Fallon, prother of Bishop Fallon,
has been awarded the Military Cross

 

 
 
   
     
         
       
   
  
        
     
          
    
    
       
   
   

  
 

 

  
   
 
  

  

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
      

 

      
  

   
  

    
 

      

   
   
    

 

“nl
ordained in 1 A ee iis wacratry a permanent trade opportunity with |compenaatdd breedera for thelr extra ay ln madtautiy
y wort over-| is secrotary, ii % ‘4 0 n iny in there days of dear feeding? Hea ofan faring socis: sompes irit@r Li
years ago and a da halt, FINISH, YOUR STOCK: eset ate el has Bla rectors popes sere exhibited bythe buyers | _Among-the soldiers who. Janded at) 0 Gront Britain. Itvwere better, he Shr pinot ot pis lapise’pe the terme
veard in tho plain. to ‘eres ge Sa Friday supported thelr sustained ory | Hatltax Saturday on the Hospital stip) ine to pay a part of the cost: of the | 88s, been raised “The official Dronpes:
oP P ‘i ; i
Araguaya from Liverpool, - England, tus: Btated that the proceeds of the

 

for good cattle, and they paid decont var th .
i 2 t *| were: W. J, Hutchins, of, Leamington; | Wa" than to recelve her manifactured
pring ir yon PEELE thence B._H, Beaumont, of Windsor; W. G.| 0008, which would crush out British
ae See ao warn wares Foam advise Cox, Kingsville, and Wis) Dennis, industries, ond jead to a lowering of
an nea Tt vee aaathiy’ dH ox: Windsor,. = ae wages beyondiliving limits. Germany
‘pelitiously. *Niturally tho grand should ring vat such sold as) she Hn,
- “ : also, with such matorinl as we can
ee ao oy the mop ee hes wring from her. She shotild pay in
t st aeae se. aber Meta ont oe Jnbor °in ‘restoring the) damago © she
ners Lonestar tikhanny woone wrought in France and Belgium. She
5 Seige firinay @ctaeadsintoah nk will_have no colonios whon the Allies
overs. % s entered into bri have done with this business,

competition for ownership, until Har- ;
BH
}
f the expense of making the loang to fhe —

ris Abattoir Ag a ye Der
Company were left in the running,
In tho presonce of soveral Shipping BUY SORT“ OAbs provinces, Upon the total of $25,000,-
Bourd officinjs the bulk freighter; pio! Controller Magrath, In discuss- 900 this would be $125,000; :

  
     
  
     
    
    
    
   
  
   
  

 
   
   
 

and attal abt divisions Uncertainty as tp the market when
under Col Lester. He is now in Ger-| ir, armistice was declared led many
mapy with the Canadian army: of ies stock men, to throw his stock on the
cupation. Another brather 1s a180 market unfinished in the effort te
coversesy gs Catholic_chapliln. {urn his animals Into money before the
sat price Went down. twas a poor policy
aa events hiya shown. There has been
no decline in the price except wnt
quality"and finish were inferior. The

Loan would be used for war purposes
only and the purpose in question’ can-
not by any. stretch of argument be
shown to be anyessentlal part of the
prosecution of the war or of demObili-
zation. The money will be Toaned to
the Province at 5 per cent. so that the
Dominion Government, loses ‘one-half
per cent. upon the money handled’ by, ©
it, and jn: addition, the expenses {n-
volved both in rafaing tha¢ portion Of.
the Victory Loan used in thia way and -

FRANCE WANTS TO BUY.

     
 

 
  

 

   
   
  
 

    
   
 
   
     

France at the end of the war finds

heraelf with. 2'860,000 less cattle, 2,-

258,000 less sheep, and 2,815,000 less

plgs than’ in’ 1914. She will bo: gind

to buy pork.and hog products in Can-

= ade a8 soon na*fnancial arrangements

24 Languages will Bo Represented at |expott dentand remalas steady. 25.0 cre ae cae a ae
Versa) tion. ~ = eae g

Paris, Doe ae Bth.—Translators | pASSED FORGEQ CHECKS, = ‘Canada ja the only. country

 

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

a : ii
ee

ROLLED ON SIDE as
* “=. TO’ RASS WELLAND

ABEL OF VOICES
- ae AT PEACE TABLE

   
    
 

 

       
 
     
    
   
  
  
    
  
    
    
  
      
    
    

 

 

   
   
  
  
  

New Plan Adopted for Taking Freight-
er Van Hise to Montreal.

5. 35 years’ old,
g the name of S.

   
  

98 langu noludiig Chinese, upon whose cattle France’ does not
Tony Turk a aome nobeeven| Mrs. Mary Jone maintain an embargo.

. c od W forgin
elt SNOW; have been called for | charged’ with
ed g-Geni-al Wiliam W. Harts,|p, Green, Essex gral

 

 

 

p | said, to run the risk of Germany |
|

George Rowntree dropped out at 59c
per pound, and the Davies buyer bid-

 
 
   
    
    

  
   
  

 

    

 

, dedlor, to a

 

 

 

    
  

» by Bri 948.71 ani cashing {t at ; “
ig direc the equipment of} chock for $993.1 mune, 48 diold by, RUSSIA'S NEW DICTATOR. ding 60c {t was all over, Aa “Shorty”| Charles R. Van Hise was rolled on} ing the aituat if the Dominion Governm -
who ing dologates. The} the Union Bask at Exits en fs Welshod 1,630 pounds, 7. A. Russoll,| hor sido at Buffalo, Friday, prepara- Geitan a Mere gi ae arnt eg aponda“filiauahstanlileciiscay mah

Uon which is ralked:for money on easy ,
terms, the . proceeds of the Victory
Loan will soon be used ap. The Kows-
Ing problem, if there ta such a prob-.
Jom atall, is certainly not a national —
ono, but hag been recognized’ in itho
United States and in Great Brital
Merely an extraordinary ~cond

which has rison contrat at

war {ndustriéu. © Tho causes) whk
havo been maintgining this unukt
éondition. dre now being remove

- the American peace
number requ\rod is jn
diversity of je races

“Just when it was hoped’ that the |of wnsview, netted $918 for his|tory to being towed to Montreal, The] ry

; grand chawaplcn. Ha was anxious to|Job was dono by two toga and was|coat states tat the cosation o€ hoe
show his’ steer, at Guelph Saturday, |\bighly successful. tilities: In Eudope, while temporarily
but the Davieda faye rofnsod to) Tho Van Hise, which was 446 feet) making bituniInous coal much freer,
allow tho animal to. loave Toronto,|long and 60 foot wide, was purchased | ting had no appreciable offect in solv.
though, in view of his condition, it}from the Pittsburgh Steamship Com. ing the domdstic’coal problem in Can-
was almost a certainty that “Shorty” | pany by the Dmergency Fleet Corpot) ada and the United States, which is
Se SeRees<Feinch 1dvian, sgou" | 3519 was found would carry off the championship at|ation. As sho was too-wide to take} jist am acute a» ever. Ho feara. that
xD! Turh ne Sninewe, Portupuese, Fol- obtained on tie check 9 d{ilctator, The Council of Ministers Guelph. “Black George” (1360 ts.),| through the locks of the Wolland | }jouseholders have not generally‘ fol-
Fe ecian, 1 tateian Gorman, Hungar-| hidden in Ww kag agrecablo to the change, all ex-}ithe grand champion of 1917, both at} Canal the scheme of rolling heron Her | jowed the advice repeatedly tendorod
Jer Tarkih, Chinese. Partuguose, Pol pt two who ware, of course, arreat, ronto and Guelph, sold, for $1.00 per Ry hit upon. shed by nt-}2%, tie administration to lay in soft}

~ <Yfeb, Swalish, Persian, Russian, Som, band’s name several d, so that thera “fyight be Reciet { pounds A Ha enalone were t Soaroreryetaneecte the di Meeks conltquppiies. “It cannot be empha-
tare Arima’ C200, Roumantan, er es r yeara ago. Mrs. snanimity. .Whether tho Allies will} differen! ‘a oe, ty, ee x eaht My theatil aa a be sized too often,” said Mr. Magrath,
Se em tes Tint, with, Eng-fimonths Ago. | FO "or forging | are LO recoRalse Coe er in thina whe !aned intel cated iil te ihe tend for| full of wator-. ‘This Keoled the section | wcnt,uuloss the public will avail them)
Aish, maky ithe quota 24. 1 Res se “ont when accused by the man ae patie, fate en Seto » AL “Blue shee ai that the ak = went: ito, the et epee i eae we i

4 oder he languages | chee Soon |oing ©! " a B ey . oo Ses ply | ‘fe. certain that
eer neces rare must be com | who suffered the lose qe onviet tar Tjenoral, Donikine, wero -taking| King” (1390 ths,), th eat a ning part of tho slip when} erent hardships will inevitably result
core by trams Es ~ the: Bol-}/of 1916, sold’ fo on its side, making tof canal width, | Doulers also, in spite of tho. moat
dmin:

4 My
dicative of the |'the Windsor police. /
and countries | tho wife of Charles Jones, ae ee
cither| siding on the 10th conuinlan

4 before the Poaco Conference, \ Ws She was arrested 00
ie hartvinatton of the ‘var Of) North Gosfield: t
teen Of en ist or their rela-) Sunday afterspon Oe ee ive dOr-

Constable Smith and makes an unknown: man, Admiral

ons. 3 > . ad according to the afs!
anguages com geant Rold,,ane & lox. Kolchak, commander of the Rus-
poe. Tella of | lan reel, Japa-|ficors has confessed. Of the money jon army and navy and virtually 4

   
 
 
  
  
    
     
  
 
 
   
  

   
  

new Govdrnmént at Omsk would prove
to.be a stable one and would form o
rallying centre Cor’a new Russia, we
we have @ kaleidoscopic change which

  
   
  
   
  

     
      
       
 
 
    
  
 
     

   
   

 
    
 
 

 

 
  

  

   
 
 

 
      

   
     
 
   

    
 

 

 
   
   

 
 
   
 
 
 

  
 

: orwards Kiev and) +o : ’ Be . 2 ne hes
ié sivorder to. get the precise /afterwar that tho. 1os8)X a ‘It is be-| “Woo Macgregor,” of aeiaar éfore/ and at: the samo*timo, giving the’ ae eae
and docuzaents, }in, letters was,{rist ror pried ete ‘at 4be per pound. tn 1914, when “Hec:| tion tability in the water: the tanks Hooaih ek rig tho BS

 
    
   
  
     
  

  
 
  
   
     

 

  

‘of troaties \ 1d. be Ake :

the ordinary — 8peaiting} wou Comman ' tor,” the grand champfon, was knock: | act jontoons or outriggors.. ‘This (abot
ge ted st i ren way. unti force in A at 9 fe led down for 26c. per] pound, lt was) “Dea (mse ahy such: operat i teous ano
at effort will be, dines Tong |was retarned. Mrs ne ee vcetared . wwhisb ave) ton thought, by, maiiyy that ihe Pe

translators fro Gre a) ; ;
, and should) chock on , eayily:| u h x
xing. 0 ore front various | sho entergd the : .| ‘The ss |

peAipations: will be taken.
dents | roan

 

ee ached’ its. top

    
   
     

  
    
  
  

) SEE THE SUGGESTIONS OF | )
§ THE BERUBE CHRISTMAS STORE ON

i ae | LLG
Lea Ec. BERUBE

—Mrs. Frank Boufford is seriously
Chrtstmas Near Again! {

ill with pneumonia,
—Nice line of Christmas cards at] As there are yet a namber of cases
The Echo office. Look over samples.|of “Flu” in Amheratburg, the health
—The Essex county team won.4th}authorites seem to think {it wise to

f . Our Table Supply House can provide you with every-
thing good for the Christmas jable—New Currants, P
"Mixed Nats and Candies, Sultana Raisins, Seeded Raisins,

In the judging competition at Guelph }keep the ban on another week. ‘The
New Dates and Figs, Mince Meat, Oranges, Lemons, etc.

on Tuesday” present outlook sensed be
servi tmas
J.H.- LOVEG ROV FE. Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont.

Roy BertramiesItng— sieeet;—who'
Sunday, unless there {s no further out-
Canada Food Board License Number 8—5431. es

 

  
 
  

*

       
  
   
      
  

    

 

  

BAN STILL ON.”

   

 

THOMAS’ DRUC STORE

| Build up your constitution and fortify
your system against attack by taking

T AW LA

the powerful reconstructive tonic,

 
  
 
  
  
  

 

    

 

 

   
  
  
   

 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
    
   
  
 
  
 
  

   
  
  
 
  
   
 

 
   
  
 

 
  
 
    
      
       
   
   
    
      
    
     
      
    
    
 
  
    
      
  
    
   
    
    
    
   
     
   
   
 
    
     
       
  
 
    
         
      
  
  

 

   
  
    

   
   
   
   
 

 

=——

 

  
 
  
  
 

 
  
 

bs

 

   
  
   
  
  
 

    

    
  
   
  
     
 

   
 

      
   
  
     
 
 

 

     
  

; THE STORE OF VALUES
Lacey, is improving nicely after a se- . his is cough medi-
vére attack of pneumonia. mas holidays. ais es: a IE Aen an old lady
. —It ‘{s undérstood that all church | —Collector Pettypiéce received $22,-
is og tS ne eine his Ford | services will be resumed in Amherst-|000 taxes on the second installment

r ing to give’a dose to the cat and if it does not
roadster for a Ford coupelet urg on Sunday, December 22nd by Tuesday night, the total being paid

; FoR
nicely at Hotel Dieu, after having Uun- WILL REEVES BE KNIGHTED? jay her out | _ minutes, then, itis ) } 9
; - 5 40 years’ experience.) i i a = =
. The reeves of Essex county. are wor- |“Now a BE Ee ite 4 1 * ‘ H ie a
rying a little over a unanimous-vote aaa any, Hina Oni he I °
they cast this week favoring the abo- ie Te ae a dose 20 Talnutes before : e C) ! . ‘ > 6
S. McGee's china store is open —Order your personal greeting/in to date on his year’s taxes,
—S. MC Be =

dergone a serious operation.
—Electric powér is shut off in Am-
lition of all titles in Canada, Bince the | dinner and if ho- goes to the ‘table and
story has.become current that on the jeats like a pig and all afternoon feel as 3 a 3 FS
They Will Have Distinction.
7 he holidays cards for Christmas at The Echo office |being $47,000, leaving $9,000 in. ar-
ea ee Ahir Psienit spent Sun-| to-day, and recelve them in nice timejrears. The total, roll is $56,000, or
—Srs. Lake, P et =

herstburg all day to-day (Friday) while
signing of peace in 1919, the King will |SPpy and scrappy as rh's game
C, M.S. THOMAS
day with her mother, Mrs. Geo. Frayer. far sending out. some $8,000 over last year,

 

 

 

—Loretta Lacey, daughter of James y
will not reopen until after the Christ-| randmother wants some cough syrup
Robert, little son of Mrs. Kitthen, | opportunities for buyers: cycle to 26 cycle equipment.
— ert, 8 Airs.
ties throughout the country. The

has been laid up with pneumonia, is
able to be Gut again. break, and in that case, services will
Nkely be resumed on the 22nd. Schools | —1878,—"‘Now, seo here, Sissy, your
Sp DUN : —The-Barlow & McCormick stock is |Hydro-Mlectric employees are chang-
TOWN AND COUNTY. being cleated at,cost this week:-Great |ing ove rthe transformers from 60
, then, it 1 urely T. LA
confer knighthood of some sort upon CMM ca Si
the reigning heads of all municipali- P
fp Amherstburg alnce 187%. MAKE. A PRACTICAL CHRISTMAS.
Choose gifts that give enduring satisfaction—that lin-

rumor entirely changes the complex-
fon of affairs and inclines some of
them to think that the vote was hasty.

  
     

     
    
       
  
  
 
   
    
 
  
  

     
    
   

   
   
   
        
  

 

 

    

 

r e— 1, Dotroit; FrisJ fe:
Miss Katherine Franke, Detroit, | Chirapractic-—I will he at: the Lake. — ‘Word was Bea SruCntnae eae oid irneminig, 2: iT me Ae iay, NOW Hig, the wite of ger long in the minds of the man or boy_that«receives
—s sy ae ae “Vi View, Amherstburg, on ondays and jin Amherstburg yesterday lursday) | norous le an “Sir exander Me- Mr. E. 5 ee Miss Ariel Mor- . oa 5 i 2
bet ae ee aie Fe get Thursday from 2.15 p.m., beginning ;}morning of the death of Mrs: David|Kee, Warden of Essex County.” Just fast) : p, of a son—stil- | them. “Fine: wearing apparel, this year more than ever;
eth Mullen,

     
      
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
      
 

  
    
  

born.

—F, R. Brush Is paying 75 cents for | December 9tlt.~ Dr. LicColl. jMeGregor at Winnipeg, Man..\ Mrs. Beneteau-—In Colchester North, Thursday,

what rewards are in store for the

 

should command the consideration of those who seek use-

 

  

   
 
   
    
    
   
  
 
   
  

- - , —Rey. L. W. Reid, pastor Wesley |McGregor was formerly Annie Smith,| County Clerk and County Treasurer December Sth, 1918, the wife of Mr. ¢
oats, $2.25 per hundred for  varley church, who has been il’ for some eS the only surviying member of the| huye not yet.developed. penne? fond Rengtegl, OC ARON ful practical gifts.
Some prices. weeks~with bronchial trouble, is able |family is hem half-brother, “Edward a re enne Set Shel ie Beate,

; Tigle fa: \ ’ ¥ ©. " Pine wife of Mr, Ernest
7~Russell Wigle pad Bae pre to be out, and Is recovering-nicely. _|Smith, of Cottam. Mr. and Mrs, Mc-|,_ DUting the War 12 spies were shot a .

 
  

Kennett, of a son.

In Montreal, Tuesday, December
3rd, 1018, the wife of Mr. Ernest J.
Clark, of Clark Co., Limited, of a
daughter.

Chambers—In. Mersea, Tuesday, Decomber

the aa aes —Big auction sale of furniture, |Gregor were formerly prominent resi-
on. inde 2 Ca

=) < “i = ‘ stoves, tables, kitchen outfit, etc, at }dents of Amherstburg, leaving here

tan a < SO Ee eid the Amherst House, Amberstburg to-|for Windsor in 1873 or 74, and moved

Cc eat aan Daihetsle street day (Friday), beginning at 10-o'¢lock |from that place to Winnipeg in.1879.
A Pil, SE., abit * 204,

in the ‘Tower of London. Two wo-
men ‘spies were sentenced to death,
but both were reprieved, sentences
being commuted to long prison terms:

| FOR THE LADIES ~
Charming Blouses of Crape de Chine

     
   
  
   
   
    
    
     
  
   
 

 

 

   

 

 

ow fo Mr. Wilson
Saas rae “ies in the forenoon, . Other members of her family were 7a ird, 158; at an Q a
=The ages =af Da ones —Pettypieces Limited were success- | Mra. Thomas Squire, of Leamington; . BOIL THE WATER. Hoigheater Sonth, Monday, an Georgette
Of Ora Cust y ens One e ful tenderers for the Argyle road sew-| Mrs. Conrad Knister, of Ruscomb. and oy Oth, 1948, the wife, of Ars

phoid fever; He js serlousty~ill.

  
   

   
    

 
   
  
  
   

    
    

 

 

Misses Edna Halliday and Mar-|£m Walkerville, tenders being opened bee es 3B 4 of Battle Greek.| As the drinking water of Amhenst-| gn greman, Q Maseesacembeeei sts » We're ever so proud of being able to offer such a beau;
he ae SARA aa esday night. r..McGregor died some year: 0. ‘ = ; ’ Mr, Earl Grimin, of ; a :
jorie Westman, of Chathiam. _ were on Fes ke eas BS aie The familly consieteet one daughter, | burg. has beer! contaminated.,by the Ee fap OR teh e sea tiful collection. No pre-Christmas ‘special could be more
ts of the Misses Grant ove el Wh, Gkrrtaalece ' 7 ; 4 “aid al Héwson—In Colkchester South, Monday, De- ; ahi cs
pes sof the Misse complicated that the result is still in (Jennie (Mrs. Litchfleld), of Califor-| Winter rains “yety Koustholder” Te UU a ae appropriate, for they will make delightful and practical

“ vg,| Dia, and. four sons—Hon. James D.
—Charles Smith, who. has been ser-| doubt, but the fact that-slie shows. . D 7
jously at the home of his mother,] some slight improvement is giving her John and Colin, prominent stock rais-

    
  

, OF a son.
ile, Friday. December

   
 
   

Christmas gifts :

warned to boll all water used for do-

   
  
   
  
   
     
    
  
  
    
   

 
 
    
 

       
 

 

    
  

 

    
   
   

  

 

 

       

     
    
  
   
     
    

      
  
   
   
  
 

 

 

   
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
     
 
  
   

   
   
    
 
 
 

   
 
    
  
 
  
   
    

  
  
   
    
   
 

   
   
     
  
  

 

       
    
   
 
     
  
    
        

   

x |ers,of Brandon, Man., and Robert, of Wife of Mr. Basil Hol: | ° ; pee

=e = Soniuwila : . oon I +a 7 : ay
Mrs, F. P. Smith, is somewhat im: ed ve unite hope te di is |Rapl@ City. The late Wm. McGregor,| mestic purposes. Lefler—In Natdstone Saturday ovember'| Handkerchief . Neckwear ; Gloves ;
ety Cc bell, Assistant Man: sinsiie the nai anche town “lial |M.P., and Robert McGregor were ane eo sot, 1918. tne wife of Nir. E. Lefer, b) 9 9

—A. L. Campbell, sistant Man- | D ! , . bats ES PARK, M. of & daughter, _
ager of Brunner, Mond, was abl@sto] repaired. the interior of the hall thor- | brothers of payidS Megragor: Medical Officer of Health. Law--In Leamingts Tuesday, December Suré-to-Please Gifts—for Easy Selection
resume work Monday, and is gfOwing| oughly cleaned, and will show. plo: | Fe : Dec. 15th, 1918. an qata the wife of Mr. A. E, Law, 3 ; . ~~ ‘a

or every day: tures every night as soon as the ban} GLOSING THE CHURCHES. ~ zB eS eee ae aa anole we satay, De- |e? Dainty Handkerchiefs at various prices. \ There are

stronger oe ay iféa “Sumtbis litted | ; ts hs s OD Tue aay Re ‘s as

—The tug arding was called s& e 7] is . . = - 4 cember 3rdi, i19is, the wife of Mr 3 ‘ere
‘lay to release the steamer Wm H.|) —John Miller, of Detroit, has rent-}T9 the Editor of The Bcho?— Avct ION SALE ‘Pnunipsecin, stats it o eat rd Nove iL dozens of names om your Hat-for, whom a:dainty Handker.
Wolfe from the-Southeast Shoal. The] ed tlie a Taylor house, resaeas| Sit—The Psalmist saith, “God Is our “or— SOI. LATS eS rey Noveninor chief of two will prove the most acceptable gift you could
Wolfe was upbound with hard coal. street; taking possession on Friday. | refuge and strength, a very present |) , of a son, ss ‘ : 3

—Drifford Barepon has had tele-]Mr. Millér will be employed at the help in trouble.” So why -are the Farm Stock, Amplemente, Ete., Mo pane at aan a SNednss3 choose. x >:
phone’No. 71 insfalled-in his residence, | Brunner, Mond. Mrs. Miller will open |churehes closed, 1s a question that {a| there wil be «old by Publle-Auction at" WOW Oro ihe late Desig wee F t e
Park gtfeet, and is prepared to attend | her home to boarders. ? |beIng asked bypmany in Amherstburg?|)'S E part-Lot 71. 6th Con., Malden, on regor,saged &4. years wr S (¥ e le 0
all calls for ¢artage tind draying. —The steamer Pelee made her last| The crowded street cars continue| WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18th, 1018 SEIT eee paisa eT iver aya, Meg ¥ :

—Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Laferte,-of| trip of the season up,the river last|running, the shops, the banks, the|--The following:—4 Black Driving Horse.| = merly of Malden, seed 75 years,” Perhaps you are planning a gift for your daughter or
Toronto, are spending some time with | week If the weather remains open workshops remainopen. Is it because ed i ree Oe Ah AbGUE 1430p | RObIdoux—At Alpenm, Mich,, Saturday - Pé h 5
his parents, Mr .and Mrs. P. Laferte,| she will ply between Pelee, Leaming-|“busineas as usual” is more important Riera Helpegem Years wslehtaabout: Lape yamber Sel» 481g, thd wits jot Ms your wife. Perhaps you are‘someone needing Furs for
Seymore street, he having finished }ton and Sandusky fora couple of |than worship of God? Surely not. Ars Old, Auppoxed to be in call; 2 ginis Octavio, "°° SAUsIon—Vir- yourself. -In either case you are.sure to want the;-best of
the season! for-D. M. Ferry. weeks before going into winter quar} *In Isaiah” we read, “Behold, the ease ELE RE so B) sea wt Wot. | Reynolds—In dsor, ‘Thursday, Decem- the kina h , : i E
+ —The Bar Point lightship, Capt In-| ters, : |Lord's hand is, not shortened, that it}ing Pow: 1. t-Fureow Walking Plows ne bt queer Mr, Percy © kind you choose. , You will be sure to find high-grade
gersoll and Mates John Anderson and}: po you know thfit J. J./Sinclair’s |cannot save; neither his ear. heavy, | Deering. Harrow ainthrow); 1 Ave Robinson—In -Mersea, TF soaciny November Furs in our Fur Department.
James McGuire, was takem to Detrolt. | store,’ Amherstburg, is the real Santa}that it cannot hear,”-and that fs true|ern 2-Hors Gultivatorey 1, Set ‘tron. Hsr- 26th, 1918, the wie of Mr. ‘Georke >! at:
Saturday, by the steamer. Aspen, and} @jaygs toy headquarters for boys and |to-day or why prayers in the churches Nee Tan Mnhay sl Lighy Demos eon om ea . : i ©
placed in winter quarters. girls, also “games, fancy chinaware, }for strength and help for the winning] crat; 1 good set of Light Sllegnhs; 4 Seur- |e yh, 6th, 1918, t wn Our Nees F What fo Give a an ! ‘ S-0-L-V-E-D-!

—Henry Robidoux has rented.a por-|francy goods. leather goods, etc. Come.jof this righteous war? *or why sing? : & quantity of Corn Fodder; about 3 r gis "ehh od z
tfon of his lot.corner of Simcoe and) jn and make your Christmas selec-|“God save, our splendid mén’'? COMORIAN, “Ss SaUEHTY OF OME, anit -

‘i wy >
corn: t shels Mixed O = ’ ; »,
Seymore “streets, to a Montréal fitmi, | tions. | “Can God help’ “over there” in that | 20m ,gorn:, out 19@ Bushels Mixed Oats MARRIAGES. ‘ Selecting the Man’s gift is easy here. Our Men’s Sec-

who expect ‘to erect thereon in the} —Ralph. Fox and Ray Ryan, who|most terrible of conflléts and yet be|Single Harness: { \ good Robe: i Steel McCormlek-—=Feltz-=kr Bn tion abounds in sensible, useful, ready-to-give remem-
spring a builders’ supply warehouse.| were among those who suftered ‘let perfectly helpless in times of epidem-4 Range (Ne Eira { Radiant Home 7 : I

   
  

 
   
 
  
  

John's rectory,

     
   
   
    
  
 
    
  
    

        
 
   

 

 

 

   
  
 

   
 
  

 
 

  
     

 

    
   
  
    
    

   
   
    

   

    
       

     
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
   

 

   

      
    
    
 

     
     
      
 
 
  

      

    
   
 

 

  
 
 

    
 
   

   
 
  

      

8 4 aah eet be Leamington, Muesday, December ard, 4 i a
—Rev, W. A. Monteith, pastor St.| sevefest attichks of pneumonia, are}ics “over here”? If it does fot help Paes Oa epee LT sete G Baie; Sy Rue Dean Kindor, T. if. "Me- brances. Here are sugeestions—
Andrews Presbyterian church. atcom-|recoyering nicely and will soon be|mankind to worship)God other than in} tension Ladder; | Barrel’ Churn; 1 Steel] —{G'atisa Pr eae ee IS Pure Linen Handkerchiefs Suede Gloves ) "
panied .by his bride, arrived in Ath-| around. .Roy Wigle is now on the jobjone’s heart» and home, what use are| Watering Tank: Cregin Separator; about } ieee ait eee = % i a >
herstburg on Friday and they are get-|at the mill, having completely recov-|the churches at any«time, or do they Naeem es ey Whitectrbest Lag ata DEATHS a hare Hines: ypurtal Hakis Silk Hose i
ting settled in the Manse, Sandwich fered, . stand just for Social centres? |, Chains, and other ariicles too numerous 10 | el Belts Silk Neckwear:
street. —Nominations for.@uncillors in all! No. < Closed churchés are not signs | mention. 2 x Sertrane at tettler, Alta.) Tuesday, De- 2 dll 4.
—During ‘the'thunder storm thatJiocal municipalities this year will be /@f the failure of-God to care for His Pa eae ee eae eA a loved wits Rr Gurtie k. boreano: Garters . ‘a Mufilers ; * as
ewept the county Tuesday night, light-| held on Monday, December 30th, with| people of the church to mifnister to aver thot amount 12 months’ credit on formerly OF Colchester South, aged 63 Arm Bands Yat. Shirts
ning atruck the barn of W. J. Allison, [ejections “on Ménday, January 6th. humanity. but they stand for. negli-| furnishing approved Jomt notes, or- 6 per Dellenarenoees : : @
near ‘South Woodslee, and burned, It/The City of Windsor will hold its|gence,, not to publicly acknowledge Pee CL SL eT ee Ger torn,” TOTS, Tateat emotion econ, Boxed Suspenders * SMOKING JACKETS
‘down, together with a large amowdnt| nominations on Monday, the 23rd, with |God's power and’ seek God’s help, and '. MAS, CLIFFORD ROSE; axed 72 Nears, ' > Mocha Gloves t ~ Bie ‘
of grain, hay and straw. elections on New. Year's Day, under|in a time ike this it does not show| CLARK & ATKIN ) Proprietross. ur er Windsor, Thursday, De- ) eB oe Sst Wes
* —Selling Out—Every article in the |terms of a by-law passed by the coun-|due- consideration for the public wel- Auctioneers, Denke ai ed yn vite Moses Brockel- 5 % * ‘ :
store ‘sacrificed. Come bere for your qj: fare” For again gays the bible: “And s hick—In Witasor,” Monday, * December Men S Lo Robes
ee ea aa i ae * Notices have just. been issued by|in that day. ye shall ask nie nothing, A UCTION SALE Thomay omas, Leos Chick, FL W. unging 5
lars, cuffs, caps, handkerchiefs, halr|the Department of Naval Service for! Verily, verily 1 say unto you, whatso- : jarri: A aS) year farm, = 2 a
ribbons, childrens’ dresses, shoes, &c.|/the demobilization of the Royal Can-/| ever fs shall ask the Father in My Monday, Decamber ~ sood locking Blanket Robes in the best liked

The Working Men’s Friend. Crimmins

There will be offered by Public Auction rs. Garrison, formery of color
Block» Amherstburg. 5

at the Livery on Namsay Street, Amberst- | po ; 72 years.

ey on 7 Amington, Titesday, December
burg, and at the residence on Rankin “Ave- a
ee ao le reside forth, 101g, Albert ives, in tho 34th

ladian Aid Force, Steps were ‘taken|name, He will give it you.” (S. John
fo organize this division some a al ete

—Mrs, Grace- Brusii ‘Js advertising | ago, and a nunrber of cadets were en- Thankseiving services have been year of his age
i an auction sale of-all the livery stock} tered for training. Some of these have |held in ‘all parts of the world, for It THURSDAY, , DECEMBER 10th, 19168 Laforet—In Hotel, Die
{ : in the Ramsay street livery, belonging | been sent to England, and some of|has been universally acknowledgdd Le aa Pees AR eisay
to her Jate ‘hasband, algo honsebold|them have been sent to the United | that by the help of God the Allies have Ee War pa

imber Wagon;: 2 .Top - | Mc In Mersoa, Thursday, Decem-
furniture, for Thursday, December | States to‘take a preliminary course in|won the victory.. So let us protest : 3 1*Plow;s 2 1018, Mra, Eli McMullen, aged
49th; and after settling up affairs will

the special schools, and then take up/against the closing of our churches]: : age Dol Le Det one
take up her residence for the winter|the flying training. The need forthe /nnd aasert our right, fréedom to wor- Whips, 6 Li sata ;

   
  
    
    

  
 
   
   

ings and-patterns—finished with heavy rope. girdle.”

 
 
 
  

      

Wednesday, De-
Henry Laforet,

 

   
   
  
   
   
  
   
     
      
      
  
  
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 

   
  
   
  
 
    
 
  
  
 
  

    

 

   
   
      
  
    
  
   
 

   
    
       
   

 

ior, Wodnosday, December

  
    
     

   
 

     
 
 
  
    
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
    
  
    
    
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
    

    

    
 
   
  
 
  
 

 

    
  

 

   
 

  
   
   
 
  
  

     
  
  
  
    
   
   
    

  
  
  

   

 

  

: Sith, $018, Mrs, Arthur. O'Ne
with her parents, Mr. and Mra. A. 1. }coast protection which was to be giv-/ship God at any and.alftimes and es-| -Also-a Ford ‘Automontle equipped with owen ene a; ONG}, aged
2 Jarriott, Park street. a en by these ajrsiips having now dis-|pécially In times of need. solf-starter,, clectric»lights. (Subject to | OU TOWNE LOI neon, Tuesday, December Sa aie << , s ms
The J. W. Westcott marine report-|@ppeared, their.training 4s being dis- Yours, etc., re HOLS Wea FURNITURE Sedrgom you = © Ouctlette, aged 02 ’ ’ ; WO ; —
ing office, was closed on Sunday night.] Continued, and the cadets are being ._ A CHURCH MEMBER.} Sutter 1°Sideboard: 4 Dining Room Table: Nochala in Anderdon, Friday, Decem-, |, ‘ pete) 2 wah, ‘i 7 -|
Miss Gale Kelly, who has been -in| brought back to Canadn,.where they | Amlierstburg, Dec. 10th, 1918. , | & Dining Room Chairs; 3 Rocking Chairs:] eal SAIS, Adolphus Roche: ay) 1" i] A
charge of the ‘office, is credited with | Will be demobilized and returned to ee ta : ee Sen uiee erAnALOL ToMemire—in Merson, Tiles diy ieee i , VTE I fl i. AL a | <
“> having given highly efficient service,|their homes. It is-expected that the COLCHESTER NORTH. Shaies; 1 Range: 1 Heater; |” ) 10UN, 1048, Thomay Floyde, intant ton EL EU Hid vO Win ) WT.
taking.the place of her brother Irving, | cadets dow training In the United ee 1 Oll Stove, with Oven: Stove Pipe; Kitch- a Br, Char ToMiemire, aged. 2 . Bh cng a , !
gas Who ts now overseas. - Miss Kelly was {States will be demobilized in the New Canaan. fv S ar | quantity of other House- | yj. ¢°"7) Easex, Sunday, December’ ath, 4 | ie Sg * a x ie
Bignod ta {ako charge’ at the" Ling.|eadela who are now inv England wil ot the’ Mrs ce tar ealcetag hs, RANE ne Pik, | — aL, ET et _ THECHILDREN LIKE __
; 7 5 of the Mrs. Lee farm, adjoinin 3 ous > cash. i od . HE ,
im pace arya ab ie demobilized at the énd of Decem-|own farm, from Neagting: Ww. Than. On ivory: stock — Alt sums at oF under $10, PARE OF SHARK c ; :

   

    
        
     
  
      
    
  

‘ cash: x M.4, Ruthven and family a a et } - « :
ber. Ms man. This makes Mr. Shepley a 60- on SaMAn ea eee Ais te thoi many Kind friends ‘atid Melehbore nord ae California Grapes, Navel Oranges, Mixed Nuts, Almon

—Tho mysterious disappearance of/acre-farm.—Mias Annie. Bo per ent, Per anna OM fOr eash.-On SUMS | Doreavenmnt and alae ae Nee THE | : bin
two chtea of wat easgurapbenrance of|were-tarm—Mies Annie yle has | Der cent per annum of ash ON SUMS | horeavemmt and also for the many beaut: ee eS sdegnes 2 (both: In bulk and hoxes)..
_. >See that they are well supplied.

is getting j “ c ful Doral wf
of Capt. Lewis Bellecoure, Friday |better—The school has been closed OU ietloneere me yd ee
night last, while members of the fam-|on account of the “Flu.”—Reevo Hart, a

  
  
   
    
 
   
  
    
     
   
  
 
  
   
    
   
   
   

=A bunch of town ‘boys win have
‘been living very close to thy boundary
of outlawry. are marked by bara the
_ local police and county o.cfals for a}
“Youndup one of these days. ,Tieir lat

     
  
  
  
 
 
    
   
 
 

 

  

Harrow, Dinember 4th) 1918,

&,.

 

      
   
  
 
    
   

 

 
   
       
   
   
 

7 OR yuan <3
Sie any ihe it Sit |, avn” ay Ree ith tra ie sd] THe ecu nre artes eel «= PRY OUR
Bret see, Poco im ot Tn foi Ut pt eecpmune woe eA Rahway and Ge cael od MM QEPED Elie seeeee thet yf Pomegranate — Grape Fruit.
uated Thesday ‘Might ant given. free Pg ee gh atte al tated sitio aa eet one revel ont eae hel Amnerstourg, december Toi ties note Re ae aoe as Cranberries.
board in the cooler. Wednesday twolty town and after’ ‘maxing inquiricg poe STOR Tie ya AL TORBNT. , Bananas te i Aiea

 
 
   
   
  
  
 

others were alco picked up and all sp-| raided the home of Ernest” Martin ren 4
eared | é : 5 rvolr. Th ted

Thott contort. beta a {0. csp ain | where in his room they not only dis-|Clerk uw write (new M. Railway to

ct Monday ay Bee asa covered ‘A jug of liquor, for which no|put a drain along the south side to!

. £2 ¢ r satisfactory explanation could be giy- th ;
lotice—A meeting of a!) those}en, but also four beaver pelts and a fo the c ae aes "hone :

io can play brass or reed. instru-|large quantity of Militia Department
will be held at: The {ako View |ammunition which Martin da alleged. rant Ban Foe Pare the eae. M
‘on Monday eveaing. December | to. liave taken from the old King crushed stone by the car, and”
the purpose of elscting of-| street school, when OB ed was | within ‘en 1
8 #0)

for the organization of a band |used as a local depot dare | he. geonived’ rors tee oe

town. _ The eting 15 called /a couple of years ago, They arrested |to give the stretch of road
oo ane noe Partag | Martin and on Monday he Sap, Bresette. which sroukl

     
 

Temons : Celery ©

       
