  
    
  
 

THE OFFSIAL PAPER pr THE COUNTY

 

——— a a — —

Vol. LIV. No. 16 AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO, FR

 

 

 
  
  
 
    

IDAY, MARCH 15, 1918.

   
 

 

 

  

 

 

PEELE EEEEEES il : a FOR SALB Amherstburg Coincil. MALDEN.

ig j aid - Y : Adverticemente In. classified column one :

al) 18 cent a word. No charge lees than 200. ‘Adjourned Meeting. Hadley Hall, Easter Monday. Stone.
ope iad eet nernente; 16 words or under, - Weinesday,.March 13th. Harl A. Martin spent the past week

 

 
    

in Detroit.

Miss Annie Atkin spent the past
fow days at E. H. Bratt’s.
Mr, and Mrs. Ledson Deneau spent

GALE—Timothy seed, WILLIAM | Council mot in adjourned session to

e
: ie WoW at wa) ee erie PRENCH, North Maiden, consider thé report of thé committec
‘ | ‘ L Ls FOR BALE—X few female Shorthors, A. | appointed to deal with: the waterworks
= ‘ AR )» | LFOX, R. Re No. 4, Harrow. Phone 45-31.) proposition and situation. }

 
 

  

 

      
       
         
  

 

    
 

    
  
   
 

 

3, Harrow e 45-31. >
FOR GALE—Victrola, good ds new. Ap- Present His Worship Mayor Park|the week-end in the city. ‘
. PL RERNARD HRUNER, Oxley. “Phone | 44. Goypeiljors Bertiand, Wigle, Den-| St. Patrick, Presbyterian church, WE BUY 5
Bh aeets = >] ike, Craig and Crimmins. | Amherstburg, to-night (Friday.) ,
CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000 aie on fe es North Malden. | ‘The proposition was redd by Clerk) Edmund Paquette spent a few days H OGS, GR Al N and SEEDS
A General Banking Business ‘Transacted Phone 139-13, Burna as follows: t with frienda and relatives in Windsor.
FOR SALE—Daby carriage, white enamel

 

‘or and Council of
wicker body, rubber tires, etc. Apply at| 7° ede ae

THE ECHO ymco, | Gentemet——Your ype appointed Chas;-Barron’s

FOR SALE—House and two 1013, corner} to inveatigate the waterworks — situation - a
King and Gore Streets. Apply Mrs. M. A.| now confronting the Town and __to|  Gregory’s old-fashioned Burley seed
ALEXANDER, Amherstburg, Ont. Hegotiate . with | Brunner, ‘Mond Can-|at J. W. Gibb’s, Amherstburg, and F.

FOR SALEA Duroo cerdey sow wih | ada, hinted, with, a view Yovobtaining ai |. Ferries’, Harrow, INSURANCE and REAL ESTATE
pigs by her side. _ Apply. to WILFRID MAR~ | SdjuBkment Of ‘proposition tomo Musial. |. I will be at James A. Gibb's sale to an
NIN, North Malden. Phono 115-3. : wi take orders for Page wire fencing, 0.

pe Re A nies ity, bes to report as’ follows; K

(On tons ke Ty BOUSSEY. ain ene ne ont, flame had the rome oti” Advice | M. Pastorius, agent. [fF A S B s() :
ons. - Ss . con., = . Dalyn, Engineer off the Public . “|

derdon.= Auld P. 0, vhone 129-11, ier pepariment, Toronto, ahd J. A. Hell,| Gregory's old-fashioned Burley seed e

    

{
‘the Town of

week in Detrolt at
98 Branches in Canada

  
   
  

PR Pra and Francis Beau- The Falls-Barron{Co.

 

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

{interest allowed at highest current rate ~

  
  

 
   
 
 
 

 

     
  
  

     
  
 

“FOR SALE—1 gelding rising 9, bred out] C.E,, of St. Thomas, your’ committes has |at J. W. Gibb's, Amherstburg, and F.

of Wusty; 1 4-year-old driving horse; also | concluded that in order to Provide a safe! H, Ferriss’, Harrow. AMHERSTBURG ONT

clean timothy seed. A.J. FOX, HarroWe — }/and suitable Mf darts fu NE ie iy rt ne; |_ The signs of spring are appearing ’ 5

neon CALE GTM Splendid eatihe house, | Cont da te Minh LUGE CE cece oat | Rolie have’ ean seen and tee ween |

tho’ American Restaurant stburg, AD-! that proposed by Branner, Mond™ Canada, good ronds are ‘at hand, = Se =
~ Limited, and to insta) a modern purineca~

 
    
 

 

R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, W. S. FALLS. Manager,
Kingsville Branch. ~~ Amherstburg Branch.

  
 

     

 

  

"FOR SALE—160 bushels 0. & tion system, The West Malden Patriotic League
OMf8 af $1.00 8 bushel, Apply q

2. 0. Me- Tinaticiat position, and Maria: togard |day, Marche 21st at oa nee HUES: | okeblsindetetntobnlobefofefefetnfrllefedetafneceletednbnolrufeefetenfafaboh
MULLEN, R. Ro No. Amberstbhurg. town's Anancial position and Having regard |day, March. 21st, at 2.30 p.m,

Mires cept at a” promt ee Gah: | Bugene Pillon, son of ‘Mrs. Victor
Is the Best

terest, we have further concluded that the | Pillon, is at’ London military training
5 .
Insurance Policy

     
 

PPESEIEIIIIITITIL I

4¥ Dre OG00Gasb000G0 AFG avaoIDiTtscacutaer

     

    

            
    
 
   

    
   
   
  
   
 
 
    
   

  
 

 

 
  
    
   
  
    
   
  
    

  
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 

 

Gore Street.. Apply MRS, oun jive
j ers irg, Ont. Phone 150.
ROR BALES hay caer “12 “Ss old, | Municipality is not able to ugdertake this|camp, having been one of the drafted
good quiet worker, for 450. Apply A. P. work itsel{ at the present tine. soldiers,

7.4 3. Under th cire stances, the: a
LAFRAMBOISE, Auld &, 0. -Phone-147-34.- | areared to. ho advisehin te fitter vost || I Have for sale seed corn, Mortgage
R SALE—!

‘driving mare and colt, oF | tor vasible with Brunner, Mond Can-|Lifter yellow dent, 2 years old,, from

Will exchange for heavier horse. ALFRED | ada, Limited, for the erection: of the plant Ne % :
SELLARS, North Malden P. 0. Phone | and supply of water until such time as the Nebraska, testing 98%. John Corn

115-13, Anuncial situation 18 suMciently rélieved to | Wall, Harrow.
~ FOR SALE—Tan wicker baby carriage, | evable the town to take the work over. Next Sunday, March 17th, special

food a5 new; alSo a bassonnette. Apply to 4, Your committee is advised by both | offerings Will be taken at Malden and
IKE ehmond Street, Am- | Mr. Dallyn and Mr. Bell that the plans pro-
AUN ee DENIKE, Alehmon: aoe posed by Brunner, Mond Canada, Lim tad, Zion churches in ald of the general

arty, fi ~to-date $ funds of the church.
FOR SALE—{ acres, river tront property, | a1e An up-to-date pumping station: and

5 urification t inently suitable t
84 fen frontage, J00'Teet Duck: houses, | PUrIL Jon plan nd that gee to tte | Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Langlola, babe

Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amherstburg. | tomy or $40,000 fie aera the estimated and daughter Beatrice apent the week-
Phone 206.

+
+
+
:
*
E
+
Ph —____ | ont; but your committee are Of the -jendin Windsor, and purchased ao 45
t
:
+
i
%

  

House for Rent
House for Sale

Your house will rent or sell better when wired for ELECTRIC
LIGHTS and we will be pleased:to.do the wiring,

ELECTRIC WIRING

Are cleaner and safer than oil lamps, ./

ELECTRIC LIGHTS

Can be done in the old honses by our electricians without the
usual disturbance that is éxperienéed by home owners
who have had incompetent men do their wiring.

Estimates Cheerfully Furnished

FeseX GOUnL) Light & Power Co., Limited.

 

 

 

 

   

   

 
 

 

  
     

    
 

   
  

  

 

 
 

 
  
  
 
   

     
  

         
 

 

  
   

‘OR SALE—Pair of  four-year-olda, ton after carefully considering the Heintzman ‘plano.
nd and quiet, good in all. harness; | sition submitted to the Mun cipality by ") +
weigh about 4900 each. HOWARD REN- | Company'that the estimated cost of oper- Wilfrid Bercy has certainly struck
NO, Harrow. ation Is In some respects excessive, and be-}% 8Mall gold mine, He has four Duroc
“FOR SALE—2-storey n | YONd the ability of the town to pay.

Seymore 6. 5. Your committees (horefore held a long
Pyly MAS. ~] consultation with representatives of Brune
app Seti ner, Mond: Canada, Limited, with a view

: . a ies L, ie at an Agreement within the
JOR SALE—Cheap re on casy, torms orto} means of the Municipality, and while the

rent, sovoral housed, Jarg@and small, with Company's represantatives could not abso.
modern convenionocés. neD. H. A. Davis, | intel

. | sub
nm Of mixed wat, | tors,
me O. A. 5 #, J aition will be agreeable to both parties,

    
 

 
  
 
   

 

YOU DON’T HAVE TO WAIT TILL YOU
DIE UNTIL YOU GET THE MONEY.

IT IS WAITING FOR YOU AT ANY TIME
YOU_ NEED IT—AND SOMETIMES YOU
NBED IT MIGHTY QUICK. :

START AN ACCOUNT AND INSURE YOUR-

SELF AND YOUR FAMILY AGAINST THE
UNEXPECTED. bs

YOU WILL FIND IN OUR BANK THAT

 
   
 

   
  
 

Jersey sows and they each had nine
pigs within a few. days. .

The auction sale at Mrs. George H.
Ferriss’ will be held on Wednesday,
March 20th, and at Thomas Coyle'son
Tuesday, March 26th. See Ifsts in this
issue. r

A Red Cross tea will be héld at the

    
          
      
 

¥ accept the terms discu se Without
itting them>to their Hoatd of ‘Direc-
We believe that the following propo-

  
    
  
 
   

 

 

C Apply ALB eAU, | A-—Brunner, Mond Canada, Limited, wilt| "OMe of Mrg. Alfred Sellars Tuesday,
AT eat ae hone 16 construct the plant according to the plans |March 19th, from 8 p.m. till 6, and

: P
' G = ‘ Son au St, | ver Becifeations furnished and will de-|from 9 p.m: till 11 pm, <A free will
enuine \ son OWS Amherstburg; modern ~convenienc: liver water to the Town of Amherstburg offering will be taken,

 
  
 
 
 

  

te ete. Spply on the premix jj at it8 horthern Jimits for all u

O

 

    
 
   

 

    
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
   
 
  

 

 

wie RE —— Mond Canada, Limited, shall supply |©8t is aroused in the community. ;
R GALE—The Hamilton home: \ + Lio re supp
natnurat Street; im good. condition; 12 lass thie ater the Town willipay for so muc Auction sale of houschold furnl-

y Shall consume at the: actual cost °
deep, 60. feet frontage. For particulars qq Drice 43 uscertained from the preceding aS artes HamtitOn Homeatead, Bae

year's gperation. pro rata por 4000 gallons, |UTSt Street, on Saturday, March 23rd,
le

 

Harris Agent. Muncipatity andthe water takers south or| Remember James A. Gibb's extens- COURTEOUS ATTENTION IS GIVEN TO
’ we aa a ee - : ‘e—A team of lack ho roo | (86, tome Town of Ainhorath An con. |V® auction sale of thoroughbred Jer- THH SMALL DEPOSITOR QUITE AS FREE-
is ica [ies Spe pounds each; sound; aged 8 and 9 col stract a suitable main to ot et aT seys, pigs, sheep, etc, on Thursday cs LY AS TO THE WEALTHY ONE.
enume F eu ( OWS $250, Apply to. ARTHUR F io. 2, | pater at the Town's limits from that-point}Mext, 21st inst., 5th con. and Gravel $ 5
| Fred. Elliott. .farm, Malden. R. No. 2, ig ue comen oF Sandwich. apa Wichmond Road; Malden. =
venuine Fleury 1 lows i LS hi estimated cost of $90,000, Rev. J. A. Snell is conducting spec- ‘i
: -SALE—F in ns sand pd »—That the Munictpall i ¢ .
‘ rae DEOL known FS rn Coram nrop- such water as they. may reniiee ee ip jal services at Zion, Notwithstanding s
Plow Shears and Repairs also carried for these two erty on. Fort. St el. Apply MAS. LG. Sage $00,006. 6. gallons per day |the condition of. the ronds the attend- : ! i | »
Pa ii 2-3-1, MRS, 1 ik je ear. 3
very popular lines. ae ee im aE or each ‘subsequent year that Brun: |22C® has been good and a keen inter = ic

Amherstburg Branch, C. A. CUDDY, Manager

ply to ROBERT HAMILTON, Park ‘Street,

We have also a few.sets of Singlekimerstire

7 real T j Se een, cost. 8 at 3 o'clcok pnt’ Robert Hamilton
FOR SALE—DBrick/residen I ‘St. | charge for Insensat hall include A fixed k D. Hi c

Harrow Branch - -  P. T. Clark, Manager
al $% onthe total cost Prop.; Clark & Atkin, Auctioneers, : ee

pe a4 . Harrow, with large c of the plant nor exceeding $80,000 together +
| se. with they s : Atad Teden Mission Band worg pre- | foofecfonfeconfecenfetoetwfoofofosfnfefecfoontelonlefoolefrofetectntscfenfefontdonfefoofehsofefese
am Harness left at attractive prices. sels bar sa ar O'CONNOR, 129 Hall chemicals, Terieral SUPA oe ad wee vented from commencing their “trip” 7 : Mag :

    

 

 

   
 
 
  

  
 
 

  

 

   
     

Avenue, Win«dsor, e shall pot invinge any sum for idepreciation |Inst- week on account of bad weather. ae
fy = 2 a of the sal , - <a 7
{ —— . FOR SALE—(00d miro 6 years. old, foot velit ‘an Abe Drovided wahut Nd} but will meet, on Saturday. afternoon ‘i e ‘ Sito as ee t
‘ Beye * Foals in “all “harness, welghs-) about iE MUR eIneliee On h fh i *
gr Sr ge re 5 also bugey and harn ‘also steel diten ra a ty may “pay 3 y|mext, March 16th, when it is hoped Jocfocfocfecfeofeofeofer!
p y ck hutt 15-dise Drill scraper (new).  “JOL ELLY, Park | shall es 8 te f : in which |neither weather dr roads will prévent a
i 100: OCKS 4 De ee —itithn pure rico hereafter meek |the boys and girls starting on their =

  
       
    

      
  
  
 
   
   
 
    

  
  
 
  

> FOR SALE—3 pure bred registered Duroc | and the annual intwrast charge shallvabate |trip with their friends.
fx Ys, with pig by pure bred regis- | accordingly fy, ; ‘ ;
FOR SALE ‘CHEAP Hn cen x Lae wa Dred youns | ment. ¥ Trom the -date of ‘such pay-) . At a meeting of the [er Patriotic

HOY Rc —Your ¢ 00 _ | League, held at Mrs..Alfred Arner’s on
; rg. Muione | services of anv min phere arene (no | riday, March Sth, a unanimous vote
a: ee = apt: oe Osts- submitted by tho Com, | Of thanks was passed to be extended to

FOR SALE—3 hor: fooulrt riding |Diant are only Boratien of the purincation |Rey. J. B. Russ and F. H. Ferriss for

inter Road Cart
A Star Pointer ” 0a 4 plow, walkink ploy, aise drill Barrows fins twice each diy aarary Fei taeee periods thelr very generous gift of fifty ddllara
"(Nearly New-~CHEAP Mime oats "aid "baring and, 400 chickots.|sovetintonaeny eye, Bettormed™ hy. the to that adclety. It will bo a great help
(Nearly. New . 10 reliable parties. ADpIY.10 suit be nocesgeey OS to them=when they are just starting, |
N MCGEE, Amhorstburg P.O. R- R. NG.) nersthurg ta employ to The*Epworth League services ‘on
.. Phone $36-24. poe er work. . Tuesday evening was in charge of the
FOR §SALE—1i driving horse 4 years old, he Slim of $800 charged. tor supor-

{bushels spring | ioteridence tn" ye say, CuarRed. for, supe Mission Band, who gave a very .de-
anyone to drive; ely 5 . id estimat wi Iike-
heated MRAHaLs clover seed; $0 bushels mated If the Town thus as- Ughtful program. ° The apecial feature

i
¢ 5 ; B
A Good Market Wagon and Gray Top Bug
' ; 20 bushels good table carrots; 1 Uberintendence of. the was the distribution of missionary let-

(BOTH NEARLY NEW) cart and) hartess; 4 ~double-horso | P ani (bre should be no’ overhead |ters;from different countries where
ss m y corn coltiva early new). Ap- nels arriving at such cost. * | the Methodiat church has mission sta-
’ AT HALF PRICE : SHARLES BOL SON, AUP. Ooh ral aeons Ytime as the Municipality

tions. »These proved very instructive
, the provision Of wah uate the plant under 4 ‘

— - =——= | Mond. Canada, Liintted, swt eae nin | BAD Ant ereabing

t : a s a ae tain, repair and hee yy wilt Keep up, man-| The Dramatic Club of the Malden
Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY | at their'cwn'erpaneh funaired tm sald plant | Athtetic ‘Association are. glvine engin
3 THE : KEMP ® Phosé 206; “Amherstburg. txetelte oF the Heke Monicinallty upon-thg |New plays, “The Wayfarers” and.“

  
   

 

BICYCLE
BARGAINS“;

    

 

   

  

 

  

   
   
   
 
 
 
  
        

 

 

    
  
 
   

   
   
  
 
    
 
  

  
 
 
 
 

   
 

 

 
   
  
  
 

   

       
  
   

 

  
 

 
   
      

 
 
 
 

      
 
 
  

 

 

 

   

   
 

   

 
  

 

 
   
    
  
  
  

  
   

Es
|
!

   
    
    
  
   
  
   

     
  
  
 

 
      
      
     
  
  

  
 
  
   
 

  
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  

    
 
   
   

     
       
 

 

 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 

Ph erat : eof. ight reserved MW said-sub- |Persecuted Dutchman,” the finishing ‘ ba)
FOR SALE—Large pouse In town; Serie “operating touches, and ‘they will be produced on We have a Half Dozen HY SLOP BIC Y-
! hone 69 Amherstburg Sees reais MARY SULLIVAN, Amnerst: | fed for Abe Colin “Or en yaar Se the [April 12th in the I. ©; GT. hall. "No
cheap. * ate Chovkiatd plas 18 s * : . -
206. : : 5 put Into Commission ; expense is, being spared to make these
ese Fi SFO GALE ares Tor Pasir cag | HRM ROMO, te cof tho uni: |the beat. productions ever glven by te |‘ CES that we are-offering at a bargain. Fully
ai POR SALELNOTU clean Tioihy Hay; |be bought for One Hundred Dollars cg they may. desire s0 Wao } coup |club. The proceeds of the entertain- : : ;
TENDERS foinixed. Finest quality, "kW. MUR: |if old akgnes, ADpIY t9.MARY SULLIVAN, |of Sonatractign. wn thal Hok exenwd ine (ment will’ bo In ald of the ed Crom | €Quipped with coaster brakes. mud guards,
« RAY, Harrow. = =e if 80 atid 100- | to exercise such option 4iciPallty agreeing | Society. ;
—FOR— —— y 7 0 take over wthe » ;
Na a FOR/SALE—2 Storey [rame hot in Anderdon, Malden and Col- | ownership of the plant WH ‘ Council met.as a court of revision
‘Beam Of -HOrses |finie saat" cut thus oes clk | ocuer ua god uaceats« MSULLI| Tan ote Herat, dnaa [on tho Vincent drain, Monday.’ Prew |‘ SPFING Seats and nobby tread tires. Wheels,
x ~ 3 . Phone 206, Amherst ae aS a jpnds \that alb)}ent the reeve and CouncHlors Barnett | : :
Herstburk. ars — * necessary steps be tak, . E
; ATKINSO! ND Gon Town FOR SALE—Tho Godrgo Poster Tarm of | oreo Tae Oat aantt 2° Stop tte waste | andoMeLean 2 Moved. by Mesara, Me-|“¢ are hard to get. ORDER ONE TO-DAY.
: FOR 20 acres.an Malden-Andérdon Townline; throughout aking 6p
i : es i 1 goOd wondition ; ie from Amberstburg;* good house and. hoa Aa ee Minicipality "ang Lean and Barnett, that the reeve be
SEALED TENDEDS addressed 10. the Le arg barron eters 9 (outbuildings. Apply, MARY . SULLIVAN, past which the “waren! Yacant ots | chairmang—Curried, Tha Clerk  re-
pr he. reeeediy tub Town Co ee Apply, ALEX. SIN wld} Amherstburg. PI 20 Tih sireat, | Carrled will bear their reasonait ange ported no appeals, Moved by Messrs. ; Sr Har dware
P Bs FOR CALE Laree Ob oF donne val) une 2 experiaa of construction 4, “operation, McLean and Barnett, that all the as- H i ,
MONDAY, MARCH 28th, 1918 a Ton Gore’ =: SB doe er aa Srabalade $rotes | in Ge Turihae recommend | Sessments of J. J. Newman be confirm- |, i iw Et
: ral | Amherstbute, E Won be, a01d. ressanablo. Apply MISS. Ml. consumption: of, water thay Wctlow In theJed-by this court, and that court do now a a a C.
Yor team for street sprinkling and géne! lots; also cottago on George Street. SULLIVAN, Ambersthure. Phone 206. mado: for the ingtallati p Provisfon bo} otose.—Carried Sat
town work: mediate. possession. For terms, etc, ap- | SULL nouss and lot, Just | thoke of thoswater tukuce wey, Meters... for. 3 a , : :
‘ ly SRS. P. GO. DENBAU, 407, Morrick St, | FoR “FOOT Spe rund to| Allo which-ta respecttuto, desire sume, } In spite of*the almost impnssible ;
By order . 10 otrolt. Phone Watnur 806 De eee ttactcom tomer | DAHL ae Amherstburg March’, aabmitthd, | condition” of the ronda; a large num-| AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO, ray
Chairman agard of Works. nar Ok SALESAbout Se af fea wants vo sell, Apply MISS. M. (Seu) PRANKLIN Fe AGueee ber tarmadl out to the agricultural : ; i] z ;
Amhprathurg, March 412th, 1018. hay in the Darn, | Also teat SULLIVAN. — Phono 206. ; 3 i nieeting in tho town hall and at-B. Hi | ef, . \ 5
’ Ms soung Shire mare coming four ye SULLIVAL —— . Chairman, "
spout Yon" mbm” Apply or BASIL, PLANT. | GOR. SALE—Larwe bullaing- on the aa ~ a¥ivaansan, e. oruMaUNS wy | ratte, Tmuraday, (ot last woek. At) dbabeleiebet eit lobeteliiblelbebebblobtetoiabubelohitebh®
. , eee eee an STON TSEORT Esmee Rete ntiee oll ‘oak Nochs;~ alne y TIEINSON, FE. LARAMIE, 1, |the latter place Miss.S, Campbell, of |. eh.
- Auction -SALE . Tesldenice, Seymore StragieyAmhe = 10x80 feat. vo Wait Be ies A. J: WOODS, COLIN WANK, M.D.,| Toronto, delivered most interesting {i 5 :
: . > moving pictu: ‘

 

 
  

= ee

=e. |
. Public}.
Ayniiore Will be offered fér sale by o

     
  

jaddrek ious:

WANTED. Wilde. sold obey. MARY, SULLIVAN, P-}. A short dincnasion, -titroduced by to the house, while at ‘the hall We
etion, Lag No. 4. con, t WANTED—Olrl for. kenerel_nougework. {°° BOX 38 Tore Stree aan ae vnkin Be Sua followed. He wished |Gardhougo, of Woston; J. W. Noble,
i . 4, con. t, A; Sa ; .
the Ttlgwingeed Sorre wer ¢ctpane | an coh CT SET a, [agente nese ial Uans And HMR |to. tho meaning Of peomeeaR, Seating [Of Bsmer, And H. Coatawordh, of Kings
dale Cal, co 4 : 9. Hol Lay j RG. Achool, and “kitehen, kitchen; upstairs—3 bed- | and the purchase of the ch vfor |. -

4 eigeene Dunes Wo stat April 18h Salary | rooms and Doteh. Kverytilng in first-class lithe: purification piant whi nha Roe

arnibure, tin itn eee : es ” ADDY, MARY. sun WANG ER was’ to take) porte eet —A severe equinoctial gale swept

6, 30 lause also gégmod to ha ¢.| Busex county Wednesday night and |’
FOR SALE—Ono of the-tinest bouses on | © D. mn omit-| 4
ee ar haba ause Dalhousie, St 2" recep tian. bal double ie regarding the ‘su. plying of water Thursday miorning. Rain fell inces

A0- GORDON, HUTCHING, parlors, dining root, kitchen, all dufsiied |to. the Bruner, Mond whan the town |*stly for about twelve hours, causin : Week--Same Old_Price--Going Fast-- ea

   
   
 
 
   
 

 
  

 

   
 
 
 

    
   
 
 
 

 
  
 
  

Potatoes! Potatoes !t

Car of Caradoc’s Choicest Arrived This Tee

 
 
   

 
 
 

A

le; Ate
Malden. Phone 125~ 1 t One of the biggest floods on record,| 5 | ‘ : 7
proved iolut. notes Ort MALE HELP WANTED—Would you }clorhes closats,, Tull basement, | furnace, |” een alone tl bb ee. .|while sharp lightning and frequent 3. -* ORDER T O-DAY
mom for cua OW HUME like @1..or $2, dally at home knitting war jolectric lghts- upper and lower | th ‘an expl edied. in) hashes ot thunder kept many nervons | ‘5, ae “ SSE
oak, BOA, ee 08 AIO KOO, eer eee eaenTO [ADDIE MANY, SULLIVAN. Fors Street, FO: | borg et : : ones awake most of the night. A anf | 8 :
Se OE AOR ci To. (Bok Bbe “| overals : : fron dawn~ gaye those touched with |)
ee aren FOR SALe ihe : ast " . th creas oy ee
Ae. " Vi

Soul, Buon ea dining af, Some ire avon

: : happen. Jack |
; | alecttie Mat Phat Dede bo, appoint

   
  
 
  
 

 
 
   

  

have had the
OWES HER LIFETO
“FRUIT-A-TIVES”

The Wonderful Medicine, Made From
Fruit Juices and Valuable Tonics.

Ane

MADAME ROSINA FOISIZ

29 St. Rose St., Montreal.

“J am writing you to tell you that
I owe my life to ‘Fruit-a-tives’. This
medicine relieved me when I had
given up hope of ever being well.

I was a terrible sufferer from
Dyspepsia—had suffered for years ;
and nothing I took did me any good.

I read about ‘Fruit-a-tives’; and,
tried them. <4/ter faking a few
boxes, lam now entirely well. You
have my permission to publish this
letter, as I hope ‘it will persuade
other sufferers from -Dyspepsia to
take ‘Frnit-a-tives’ and get well’;

Mapsame ROSINA FOISIZ,

“Fruit-a-tives” is the only medicine
in the world made from fruit.

5Oc. a box, 6 for $2.50. trial size 25c.
At all dealers or sent postpaid on
receipt of price by Fruit-a-tives
Limited, Ottawa.

a ee

~~ TOWN AND COUNTY.

—In Adam’s.day-a woman was mere-
ly a side issue, but at the present
writing she poses as the whole show.

—The Methodist will soon have a
thirty million fire insurance company
to carry their own Church and parson-
age insurance,

—Sugar, not exceeding one pound
in weight, may be sent ovérseas,
elther to soldiers or civillans, but
“one pound sugar’ must be specified
on the customs declaration.

—Walter J. Longley, son of. Sergt.
Thomas VW’. Longley, Windsor, who
work in Detroit for several years,
was on Wednesday appointed assist-
ant managing editor of the Detroit
Journal, with which; paper he first
broke into journalism. .

—Alex. . Tytler, London’s oldest
business man, died Wednesday at his
residence, 251 Hyman street, after a
brief. iliness. He was in his 85th
year, and had been in business in
London for 63 years, during which
time he was 4 conspicuous figure in
London’s mercantile life. Alex. F.
Tytler, the will-known representative
of Elliott, Marr, & Co,, 1s a son.

—The advarice in the postage rates
caused some grumbling in Kansas,
wheretipon a postage clerk in one of

‘the ‘smaller towns displayed the fol-
lowing notice: “Don’t kick on the
postage, Better pay a __ little’ more
than have the Kalser’s picture on
your stamps.”

—Judging from recent. actions in
the courts, instituted ‘fit various points
in the Province, there is a strong dis-
position on the part of the farmers«to
make the millers live up strictly to
the letter of the war-time regulations
in regard to the’ prices set’ by the Food
Controller for mill products.

—This waz supposed to be a poor
year for apples, but according to the
report of the Commissioner of the
Frit Branch of the Department of
Agriculture, there does not seem to be
much of a shortage. On February
£8th the estimate of apples in Canada
was 208,155 barréls, while on the same

cae

date in 1917 there were only 87,275 in}

sight.

—“You've made a mistake in. your
paper,” said an indignant man, enter-
ing the, editoriaJ<sanctum’ of a daily
paper... “I was oné of the competitors
‘at that athletic match yesterday, and
yan have Called me ‘the well-known
light-weight cliampion’.” ; “Well,
aren't you?” inquired+the editor. “No,
I'm nothing of the kimd, and it’s con-
foundedly awkward, because I’m a
coal merchant!"

—George Bradbeér, secretary and
treasurer of the Safety Furnace Bipe
Company, Detroit, was held up and
robbed of $700 at Grand Rober and
Lincoln avenues Friday afternoon by
wo auto bandits. Bradbeer had drawn
money which was in a tin box, from a
downtown bank, and went home on o

‘-gtreet car. .As he got off the car ban-
dits, who evidently liad followed him
an an automobile, knocked him down,
400k the money and fled.

WEMRS, BOYD
AVOIDED AN.
~ DPERATIO

suffering, and two
doctors docided
¥ that I would have

opens (ain ibe) i

operation be:
id get well.
“¢ My mother, who
had been helped by
din S. Pinkbom’s
egetable Com-
po advised me

rears sub-
tion. Heelieved ae
troubles
wack without
any. woman who

ty. 1)
d with female troubles to give
Vegetable

—Are you going to keep a pig or
dig a garden, this year? |

—In two weeks the Canndian sol-
dicrs at the front subscribed a million

—Mr. and Mrs. F. King ore moving
into the upper flat of the McLean
house, Ramsay street.

—This spring’s ashpiles represent a
heap of worry, and a heap of good fuel
where sifting was not done.

—Angus Borland was in town for a
week, raising the patrol boat Lavern.
He bas returned to Detroit.

—Miss Etta Pickering, R. N., of De-
troit, was a week?end vistor at tho
home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs H.
Y, Pickering.

—Clifford Lararie js now making
rapid improvement, after a very ser-
fous illness. His brother Ellis, of Ox-
ley, came over to see him Saturday.

—There are two kinds of cultivation
that can be carriod on profitably at
the same time, the cultivation of
thrift and the cultivation of a gar-
den. |

—Every vacant lot in town sould be
adopted by somebody who understands
that successful war gardening Js one-|
tenth planting and nine-tenths cult!-
vation.

—Lewis Goodchild and family have
taken up their residenco in the old
Library building, Ramsay street, which
he recently purchased from John R
Pineau.

—Buying at home is good common
sense. It helps to build up the itown
In which you live. instead of some oth-
er town or city In whieh you have no
particular interest. |

—Casey—Phwas there iver anything}
more wonderful than th’ camel goin’}
through th’ eye of th’ nadle, tél me
that? O'Brien—Yis, me 200-pound ould |
woman goin’ through me pants pocket, }
bedad!

The Kingsville council at its* last}
meeting granted $100 a month-to the
Women's Patriotfe Association for the]
purchase of materials for making up
goods to send to the boys at the front.
and a half to the Victory Loan.

—The farmers in this section are
worrled over the condition of the fall
wheat, which. is not-looking we! ow-
ing to so much thawing and fre 4
One farmer remarked, last we Sit
lodks pretty sick, in fact as bad us
I ever saw>lt before"!

Sportsmen in this locality who
are anticipating bagging wild geese
this sprifig perliaps are not acquainted
with the law on this question. Spring
shooting of any kind of wild fowl is
no longer permitted Im“any part of
‘the Dominion now that the Migratory
Birds Convention Act has become law.

—TheGlobe prints a picture of Sir
Frederic Stupart, the “weather man”
of Canada. And he’ doesn’t look like
such a bad fellow as’you might im-
agine from what he had been handing
out to uc this winter. All who ever
heard the name of Sir Frederic Stu-
part before hold up hands. The “noes”
have it.

—Investigating feeding of garbage
to hogs, Councillor F. W. Johnson, of
Walkerville, acting for the Ontario
Government, has visited New York and
other large cities of the United States.
Garbage,, Councillor Johnson will re-
portscan be tihed as feed for - hogs
without danger, providing vaccine ts
injected to prevent hog cholera. and
other diseases, . The loss to United
States, hog raisers, who use garbage,
has been less than 2 per cent, Coun-
cillor Jolinson found.

—The establishment of a Dominion
Police post-at Windsor has been de-
cided on by the Government, to. as-
aist the military police in the work of
running=down draft. evaders, it was
announced on Friday. ' Four Inspectors
will be stationed in the Border City
within two weéks, and this force will
be increased if necessary. Eatimates
made by the authorities of No, 1 Mili-
tary District place the numba of draft
evaders of the Windsor District at
more than 200,

—Jack Miner, the noted Essex coun-
ty ornithologist, has been asked <s)
givé a lecture to the members of the
Legislature this week on Insectivorous
birds. When the Minister of Public
Works, who is M.P.P, for West Elsia,
introduced ‘the bill in the House to
protect birds, the acting Speakey,
Hon. Thomas Crawford; was unhble to
pronounce the word “insectivorous,”
and many of the’ Legialature were
clamoring for information. They. want-
ed to know what.kinds of birds these
were. So Jack Miner will go to give
the members a very timely lecture.

—By a vote of 16 to 6,” the City
Council of Toronto has décided to ask
for legislatfon “to {mpose o municipal
tax, as a war measure, On all exempted
property, or on land alone other than
Dominion, Provincial. hospitals wholly
or partly supported by the city;\and
civis property, This will include church-
es, private colleges and charitable in-
stitutions. It is estimated that the
abolition. of the exemptions will in-
crélisé the taxahle-assessed property
by $23.176,000, which ‘will yield a
revenue of $695,250, assuming that the
rate {s fixed at thirty mills on the dol-
lar.

—In the Legislature on Tuesday D.
Racine, of Russell, made a motion for
a return to tbe bronght down ithe
House of all communications and cor-
respondence’ between the Attorney-
General, J. H. Rodd, Crown Attorney
for the county of Essex; Mr. St. Pierre
and H. C. Malfsonville, of Windsor, in
the matter of an alleged conspiracy on
the part ofthe said J... Rodd againat
the sald St. Plerre and Mafsonville In
connection with the trouble which oc-
curred at Ford City, Ont., on or about
the 8th day of September, 1917, and

‘al_which led to the arrest of the safd St.

Pierre. ae

—Acting on-instructions’ of Justice
Lenhox. given in his . charge -at the
opening of the sitting at Sandwich of
the Ontarfo” Supreme ‘Court on Mon-
day, that consideration be given to
the question of increaséd agricultural
help as well as food producton;. the
(Grand Jury, composed chiefly of Essex
county farmers, Thursday afternoon
brought in a recommendation that all
‘aliend, such as Belgians, Russians,
Italians, ¢tc., be conscripted for mili-
tary. or agricultural purpases, “the
same as the boys who are citizens of
our country.” Justice Lennox, although
promising to forward the recommenda-
‘tion to the proper quarter, said he
could not comment on It, as it border-
fed too closely on politics.

The town of Simcoe, population
4,000,has a very drastic dog by-law
passed at tie last council meeting.
This by-law in part, imposes a tax of
$5.00 a year on dogs and $10.00 on
bitches, Some of the members wore
of the opinion that the tax should be
reversed, $10 on dogs and $5 on bitch-
os. Others suggested an evon tax of

dog must run at large
year without a

as a license, or

Jaw it will be shot on}
ne momber sald, slic 4

—The Stoks residence, now owned’
by Gapt. J. E.Mahon, is undergoing ex-
tensive repats.

—Mrs, Gorton E. Pulford:and Mrs.
Horbert- Longspent from Thuraday to
Monday wit relatives in Ruthven.

—Tho Pat Office Department of
the Unitei States will next summer
put on anair mail service between
Washingta, Philadelphia and New
York.

—Mrs. (fapt.) Thomas Patterson
was able to leave the hospital last
week and ome to the home of her
father, Join Cooper, Brock street,
where she will spend the summer.

—Charles Vahey has resumed work
on the MC. R. train after a four
months thy off, caused by injuries to
his fom, which was badly crushed
while switching at the quarry.

—Mr and Mrs. Maurice Rocheleau,
of Windsor, patd a visit to friends in
town on Saturday. Mr. R. is with the
Ford Co, and js working on tractors.
The machines are being shipped to the
Northwest and Ontario will be supplied
in due Ume ,

—Windsor bankers may appeal the
decision of Justice Duff that bank
clerks must serve in the army. The
ruling, if allowed to stand, the bank-
ers claim, will result in banking buasi-
ness being hindered, in that inexper-
enced help will have to bo employed.

—With a view to making the exit
of draft evaders and slackers more
difficult from Canada, the Government
has arranged to establish at Windsor
a post of the Dominion Government
police. Four men, under a N, C. O.,
will make up the first detail and this
number. will be added to later if ne-
cessary.

—The tug Walter R. Pringle and
barge John F. Eddy, of the Pringle
barge line, are both leaking badly at
Woods’ shipyard.—The: lighter Pres-
cott, of the Department of Marine and
Fisheries, was just caught in timé Fri-
day by Capt. C..R. Hackett, and \with
the assistance of the grist mill em-
ployees kept her afloat until steam
was up, and she was siphoned out.
Nearly all the other craft laid up at
this port are leaking badly, and Capt.
Trotter has his pumps and siphons
ready in case of a moment's call for
assistance.

—Chatham also fas a_ domestic
water supply problem on its hands.
The Water Commissioners of that
city Friday afternoon decided to enlist
to co-operation of Willis Chipman, of
Toronto, a8 consulting engineer re-
garding the water supply there. The
Thames has been worse than usual
this year, and all places drawing
water from it have had exceptional
trouble. Chatham has had consider-
able dificulty, and plans are being dis-
cussed now to prevent any recurrence.
Every effort is being made by the
Water Commissioners to give a pure

supply of water at no matter what ,C. Chapman, work....
[yas & Co., supplies.

cost.

Pretty 17-year-old Arshulous Sur-
marnian fled from Armenia to Detroit
one year ago, fearing death at the
hands of the unspeakable Turk. Sat-
urday her body was, found in an aban-
doned shed in the rear of 89 Gould
street, Detroit, showing every indica-
tion that she had been strangled to
death. In addition to several wounds
on the head, the girl's hands were tied
with cord, while about het neck a
heavy piece of canvas was tightly
drawn. <A young Armenian, thought
to mye been the girl's lover, is being
questioned by the police. This is the
third murder of the kind in Detroit
within the past thirty days.

—Argus_ Parkhill, widower; Niagara
Falls, N.Y., son of W. J. Parkhill,
former member of Parliament, also
a nephew of Rev, H. T. Crossley,
well-known evangelist, was fined $100
by Magistrate Fraser for having in
his possession 160 coples of the ban-
ned book, “The Finished Mystery,”
printed and issned—by the Interna-
tfonal Bible Association, Brooklyn,
N.Y.) Parkhill stated on the stand
that the work attacked clergymen
for inconsistency in‘alding recruiting
in opposition to the fenaching of
Jesus. As a Christian man. na was
compelled to oppose . the war, he
said, and added that the very
same sentiments as the present book
contained were given.in anothér book
issued by the Bible Students’ Asso-
clation in 1904.

—"Twenty thousand meters have
been installed by the water board. dur-
ing the last seven months of the pres-
ent fiscal year and the rate of instal-
lation will bo continued until meters
have been installed in every building.
The object {s to cut down on the con-
sumption of water, to make it cheaper
for the consumer and not to tax the
capacity of the supplying facilities,
The report of the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1917, just published, shows
18,551 meters installed, which record
has already been broken this yenr, It
is belleved the rapidly increasing num-
ber of meters will have an appreciable
effect in the next few yours In reduc-
ing the per capita consumption, which
is now 165 gallons per day. During
the last eold spell in January as high
as 214,000,000 gallons of water were
used in a day by allowing water to
run to prevent pipes from freezing.
Metered service would have prevented
a considerable part of this waste,”—
Detroit Free Press, ‘ <

 

&S

SS

Our boys are going “ Over the top”
and into ® No man’s land” this spring.
No one has any doubt of their ability
to get there. . There will also be a
spring drive on this side of the ocean,
because March is the "a “ blue Mon-
day.” It is the most fatal month of the
year. March and: April is a time’when
resistance usually is at lowest ebb. It
is o trying season for the “ run-down*®

Ekman. But medical science in, anc
says, “it need not be”! We. shoulf

ivate a love of health, a sense d

Bento co sy get

not allow mac! 0)
to clog. - Put the stomach ani liver in

© condition. Take Dr. Pierce's |
Bollen Medical Discovery, tole had st
most dro; »in or liquid
form, tab! cents 9 al, oer
a of native bette . ‘The puts the.
‘and. liver in prop* Condition,

You ‘be plodding along no spring,
4 no vin, _

Monday, March 11th.

Council met regularly.

Present. His Worship Mayor Park,
Reeve, Brown. and Councillors Bert-
rand, Wigle, Denike, Craig and Crim-
mins. =

Minutes of previous meeting were
read and adopted.

Accounts, &c.

Accounts and communication were
read and referred to their respective
committees as follows:

Finance Committee—S¢parate School
Board, demand, $1,000; Park Drug
Store, supplies, $3.60.

Board of Works—C. Braun, shovel-

ling snow, $4.80; George Scott, ditto,
$1.50.
Y Fire, Water and Light Committee—
Bell Telephone Co., $1.40; J, Harris,
$8.80; A. Taylor, $8.80; Brunner, Mond,
credit, $135.01; John Fraser, lumber,
$6.23: Northern Electric Co., supplies,
$67.50; C. Chapman, work, $16.60; W.
Mann, digging, $32; A. Boyd, digging;
$34; ©. Marshall, digging, $32; R.
Malisey, digging. $18; Ryan & Co., sup
plies, $102.85; W. H. Jones, $15.32,

Property Committee—Ryan & Co.
supplies, $1.03; Bell Telophone, 45c.

Health and Charity Committee—H.
Boufford, board Daley, $12; Barlow &
Smith, $16.44.

Communications.

From Standard Foundry and Supply
Co., re fron castings and grate bars.—
Filed.

Reports. .

The Fire, Water and Light Commit-
tee’s report was read and incorporated
into the Finance Committee's report
below. ‘ =

The Health and Charity Committee's
report was read and adopted and in-
corporated into the Finance Ccmmit-
tee’s report below.

The Borrd of Works’ report was read
and adopted and incorporated into the
Finance Committce’s report below,

The Finance Committee's report was
read recommending that warrants be
drawn for the following necounts:
Separate School, demand....$1000
Parks Drug Store, supplies. :.. 3
Cc. Braun, shovelling snow....
George Scott, cleaning catch

basins
Geo, Deslippe. shovelling snow
G. Brooker, shovelling snow..
Jos. Lucier; shovelling snow...
H. Boufford. J. Daley, board. .
Barlow & Smith, groceries, G.
Scott
A. Taylor, digging leaks.
J. Harris, digging leaks.
W. Mann, dige!ng leo
A. Boyd, digzing leaks.......
C, Marshall, digging leaks....
R. Maisey, labor
W. H. Jones, supplies
John Fraser, supplies

00
60
$0

o

50
25
00
50
00

wRwOwe

44

80
$ 80

00

00

00

00

re
ae 60
. 102 85

New Business.

Mr. Craig gave notice of a by-law to
strike the rates. a

Mr. Crimmins moved, seconded by
Mr. Wigle, that the Auditer be asked
to strike off the roll as uncollectable
{tems as list presented by him.

Reeve Brown asked for an explan-
ation of some of the {tems, and after
a short discussion the motion was put
and carried. “~~ t

Mr. Craig wanted to know what the
council thought of a street cleaner.

Mayor—“Has the Board of Works
taken up the matter of the ‘cost of
sweepers? The pavement should be
swept”

Mr. Crimmins—“‘Mr. Cadaret asked
me what the Board of Works was go-
ing to do. He ‘said he would :get
prices. Mr. Crimmins wondered if the
method of treating with tar would be
cheaper than sweoping.

@ Ushers Club requested the use
of, the fown: hall for March 18th.

Moved by Messrs. Denike and Crim-
ming, that they have the hall for that
evening, as the coal shortage {s at an
end.—Carrted.

The Board of Works was instructed
to clean the mud from the edges of
the pavement mear the catch basins.

Moved by Reeve Brown, seconded by
Mr. Wigle, that the Board of Works
bé authorized fo look into the prices

of street sweepers and also into the},

Dollarway treatment, also get bids for
town team work. -

Mr. Crimmins—"D6 you think that
{t would be advisable to purchase a
team for the town?”

Mr: Craig—"We should have one the
year round.” a ‘

Mr. Wigle—“Not at the present :price
aft feed.”

Mr. Brown—"“The tronble Is to get a
competent man.”

The motion was put. and carried.

Moved by Messrs. Crimmins ~ and
Craig, that the tn& roll be returned by,
May 1st:—Carried. j

The Clerk reported that he had re-
ceived no reply from the Essex Coun’

ty Eight Co. re their new. system of
collecting accounts,

Mr. Crimmins wanted to know about
the poll tax on the foreigners at the
Brunner, Mond. tg

His Worship—"You cannot» tax a
man who is domiciled in Anderdon
township. .

Moved by Mr. »Denike, , that the
cigarette Heenne be $5.

His Worship—“Theroe is a by-law in
force governing that” ~ —, i

The by-law authorizing the @xecution
of s conveyance of Lat 37, west sido
of George street, to Edward Dornan, in’
pursgance of a motion passed at a
previous meeting, was read the neces-
sary number of times and __ finally}
adopted. es

Mayor Park reported that the wat-
erworks commi'tee had held a num-
ber of sittings and wowid>meet finally
Tuesday morning, ond would be pre-
pared after that to present a final
draft to’ the council. .

Moved by Mvasrs; Denike and Wigle,
that we adjourn upiil Wednesday
night at 7.30, to recelye the report of
the Committee on the waterworks pro-
position.—Carried.

Oa nem

—Heatlegs days for jabs and amuse-
ment housds are atm end! An order
has been passed ammding tho original
order estalilishing iiendess days. Un-
dor the amended ier, paragraphs six
and seven of the ori order (the
paragraphs| which are stil in force),
he oa A. ape that CS

© mont 0 ruary- ani
March, 1918, no golf,
canoe or hunt clad
open except on Wednesdays and Sat-

‘private or public dance halls and alt
othor public places of amusement.

hould remp~in eloced on each
try Monday to Monday, Maegh 26th.”

1

EEE EEEEEEEEEE ESS

$44+-4MOTHER'S BREAD+++

country; |e.
oud meas

Sond

THE STORE FO

Chairs, Rockors—Gol'cn,
entirely ot wood or upholstere:

ee ac oe eS a

|

|
|
|

4

ARE
THE

eden erlenontorfocderterdendenjenjenterten

we

ALL KINDS BA

Tr Se ae bar ae

“.
ac)

sorter ortentontontonfootenie

OLD

“G

“Standard War Flour”

R THRIFTY PEOPLE
RE FOR THRIFT

MURRAY STREET, EAST
Repairing and Upholstering promptly done.

Oe a ea a

ALL BREADS

Any fair test shows the Best of Bread to be

“GURTIS BREAD:

Try it and know for yourself the “delicious” flavor
that's baked into this wholesome Bread.

BUFFETTS
“pure missi i onial
mission and classie ©’
A designs in golden or fume on
Jacobean and mahogany, wal,
medium and Jarge mo els.

EASY CHAIRS

A veritable colony, ‘of lounging

chairs—velours, tapestries and er ‘

era—Juxurious, inviting, restful, an
serviceable. See them,

CHIFFONIERS

Period amd colonial desigers ia
mahogany, oak, walnut ers Neder
maple, Large variety of siz
simple and elaborate effects.

DRESSERS

Peried and colonial designs ie,
qnartered oak, mahogany, gh
maple, ‘American and Circassian wa
nut Artistic work and finish.

1 aud Jacobean oak,
pestries or velours.

also mahogany,

furnec Many ,

1 in Jeather, ta

GO

,
. 0

é

NOT
SAME

Se ae Sh aS

KED GOODS ON“HAND.

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont

Se ee i

EDAL’

M

/T.R. FLOOD & SON,

Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds.

HARROW,

 

- ONTARIO.

 

Royal Purple Stock Specific.

Roup Cure

*

Chick Feed, ©

,

Stock Specific, .

Calt Meal & Worm Powders
Liniment. |

SS W._T-

‘Pheno 97

1

* Equally as nutritious.

HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STO

OTHERS BREAD

made from

Government War Standard Flour

loaf of bread ever made from high patent flour,
_ One, trial will convince you.

_ASK YOUR

WILKINSON.
RE: 5
AMHERSTBURG

!

rote ere bebe

and appetizing as the best

sptsho't

GROCER

 

(EAL B

Phone 59
“\ For eale In Amherstb
Son's, G. F. Glrardin’s, A. J.

Sold in Harrow by W.
and G. Langle & Gon.

urg at J. H. Lovegrove’
Burns’ and Sitaw/Allentac’

R. Boyce & Co. In McGregor by Bouglet Bro:
__» iSold for Cash Only.
ne _ B.8.—Do nat wante bread, every. ounce is ne
Hrentibead Re bilan seo Set eeetttttt++ MOTHER'S BREAD

0. htd.

31-37 Salter Ave

Florey &

a.

edad,

+

Mockeclerlosieelocdeelorboeloriocdeotocleetociontorioslerfontonorioelocioniactosteefoateetentectestoeiestoelostveioes,

EEEEEEEEEEPEEEEEEFEEES 4 GVAUE G,HAHLOW FETE EE HEHE

On

By-Law N.

A BY-VAW of the Townalp of Malden to
the purpose of amening By-Law mj.
473, and to providesy the jasus
debentures, the fure ni te

' cover Malden's proortion af the a
cess cost of comfetion of the Long |
Marsh Drain Extenion, being the eum
‘of $18,970.00.

WHEREAS By-Law 90. 473 was
by the Township of Maien on the 22nd dae
of April, 1914, providis: for the extension
of the Long Marah Dro in the Township
of Malden 80 a8 to provde & suMciént ous.
Jet therefor,

SD. WHEREAS thé cot Of the con,
Phe said work «ceeded the origi
ercfor and f ‘ame Necessary

Cea oror iNe Said OXCOBS cost.

to provi

AND WHEREAS theCounct? of the Town.
ship. of Malden prpared an’ oxaminatiog
he said work, 4nd of the Cost «of ths
nietion shereol by Alexander Baird, gs.
who inade bis report there
” 41h dy of August, 1916, and 4
thereof wii Served upon the Town.
Snips of Anderion and Coichester South.
AND TUES In and by the sala F
d tint the oxcess cost ot oa q
itd to the Sum of 825,098.07
divided among the Townships Of Malden,
<nderdon and Colehester South in the pro.
portion in witch they were asseaned (op |
the cost of te extension by the origin)

report.

AND WHEISAS the said Townships of
Anderdon and © Johester South asppealeg
from the said rey ort to the Referee under
rainuge Jaws, and the trial of the saiq
came om to be heard before him oq.
sth day of June, 4917, and ax @ re,
yo the sid trial the sald excess epi
reduced by the sum Of $7,987.99,
h sald wm Was in and by the jade. —
tpronomeed to be added to the rads
N + Tawinhip of Malden and to form q |
flart of the ost to be pald by the Town.

whit
men

AND WIEXEAS by virtuo of the sald re |
duction the share Of tho excess cost to be;
paid by the Township of Malden was foung

"the sum Of 86,174.69, Which with
jent Hterest amounts to the sum of

AND WHEREAS In and by the said judg.
ment it was further directed that the coms |
of the appeal including its own as be
tweet solicitee and client should be bom 2
by the Towns of Malden to be taxed,
and the costs so taxed were to be added w
the assessment for roads in the said Town,
hip. of Maldex in addition to the amount
of the said reduction th the total excess
Gost OF. $7,087.00.

AND WHEREAS the costs of tho appeal
payable by ti pwnship of Malden to the
Appellant Tewnships, have been taxed ang
ailowed at 35 and for the costsor ity |
own Solfett 8415.94, which said sums
phogether with th mount of the deducticg,
{ov the last paragraptr mentloned together 4
with joferes! Ihereon and other expenses

onection with the inde

t report ami the said suit and this
a total AMOUNT to be assenueg

In the Said Township of

AND WHEREAS to provide the sald sum
i a > amend By-Law No, 473
for the issue of addition)
over Such proportion of the
aipletion being the som
7 sable against the lands
and the sum of $19,247.57 assessabls
against the roads in the Satd..Township of
Malden, is
AND WHEREAS the rate of interest
provided for in sald By-Law No. 473 was 4
four andea half per cent, DUt Owing fo the
nditions ap the money market it is neces ~
sary to juereass the rate of interest fo ar
and one-half nr cont, per annum so fer
as the issue of additional debentures are
concemmed.

NOW THEREFORE the Municipal Cor: 4

{f\ | porationlor the Township of, Malden,

suant to the
Drainage Act,

{ That tt
Baird, C.E., e+
cess cost ¢
Marsh. Dral
24th day of
the Judgment
ing date the
and the Same

provisions of the Municipa J
enacts as follows:

Said. report of Alexande
erings the matter of the er
t ompletion of the Loag
xtension bearing date py

at, 1016, a8 amonded by

ie Drainage Referee ber
day of June, 1917, be

ereby adopted. “s

By-law No. 473 Is _herey
y Mrreasing the sum to be bor
ssue of debentures by te
i143 fo cover the Township
of Malden's proportion of such. excess ow
assessable axaigst (he lands,
SUM. OF $12,247057,
the excess
appeal, “expe report,
terest and’ other charges assessable against
the roads in the said Township, and
inereasing the rate of, Interest to. be &:
lowed Upon sich sums to be borrowed We
tho fate of six and on®-nalt per centem)}

per annum inetead of Me 0
pera nara oO! rate provided

3. The Reeve of the Said Township #9
Malden may borrow on the eredit me |
Corporatic ® Township of Malden Oi)

OF, being Me, amount nec
he whole of The Municipal:
Share or proportion of the excess OOM
of construction of me work provided for By
y No. 473, including she amounts a)
5 le ast Jabds and roads, and puy
issde debentures Of the.Corporation to
jdmount in suns of not less than $50.
eaoh, payable within ten yearae from
date of stich debe With: Interest
the rate of ntum per, ann
the principal and interest of the sald Of
bentures are to be payable im ten anoull
instalments of sich amounts that the ia
krexdte amotths payable far principal”
ié year shall be equal
to what §s payable for 9
during each of
period during wileD #
fe run, said debentures:

vable at the Mops
Northen” Molsons Bank in the TOW)

or paying the sum of soft 0 the
chal walnst the Said ands
R | By-law No, 473, pM

roads .belonging to
Municipality and for cord
rean {Dr ten sane
one -Hal r centi p
a total special Tate over and aba
‘rates shall Do assessed, levied al
: Nand from the lots and ‘pal
in. By-law No, 473, say
ition as they are the
eby assessed according 10

ereto attached, and tho an
* said total special ‘rate and in
ably arainet the. said lots oF.

‘ely, “shall bé
‘8 snd one such pars shal

» levied and colécted 9%. afoi
ea Hey a fen years after the

, his
Which the said banter nieeke

6. Forpaying ¢
AMOunt of the reget tine ot caae
Aforesald, and the sum of, $4,260:8
t Of the appesds, oxpenses, interest
Mere shiarges 4)” aforesaid — chp
at the Townihip of Malden, 68
a (val of

2. Said
amended
rowed

sum of

principa
other yea

ed by: ty
Mterest {

bof Six any
annur

ten Sears at the Meor

fy
rale’on he ann per annncmas

Olar
Toquired yearly SuMetont £0,

above all “othars

jected in the

Ine as the ane

locted upan wd fen the
Property in Me said ‘Town
in each year for ten years

Passing of this by-law, eo) the
furing wha the debentures

7. This by-law “sna be:
In ave! yack M D
in The TIDestbies roar

lished in the rom
shall come inte, oi

Nnal passhe thoreot
“The Lon -
mas tae ra

(signed)

HOWARD Olpp,
Clerk,

EAGLE, PORTENT,
“IN NORT
Tho “Tiundar |

{the Ojipray Ing

tho spiritof the &
have {ts nest on

feo: above

 
LEAMINGTON. .

~
C, ®. Mann’ received word from} Detroit afterndon newspapers are
Rdmorton, Alberta, Monday of’ last} now sold for 2 cents! instead. of ono,
Week sf the death, on Sunday of his | The advance, {t fs explained, is due to
five-yeoold granddaughter, Bunny,|the general increase {n costs of all
daughte; of Mr. and Mrs. Barl Ma kinds, and {s in Iine with the procedure
The mother had been laid up in the] being taken by newspapers in all parts
hospital wit: pneumonia and’ on her | of the country, 5 )
return home fond her daughter ser-| Charles Findlay, a bachelor, broth-
fously: ill, death following, er of Mrs, Frank Phillips, Biliott
Mr. and Mrs. W. D, “Cox arrived | street, Windsor, died Saturday in St. | -
home from Torono Tuesday morn-| Mary’s hospital, Detroit, of injuries
ing, accompanied jy their daughter, | received when he fell from a_ three-
Misa Millie, who lad the misfortune | story building on which he was em-
to slip and fall on Toxento's icy side- | Ployed. j ;
walk, breaking one of )ar legs. She While walking along the street in
had taken up nursing fs the Sick {front of 199 Dougall avenue Friday
Children’s hospital in that city and|afternoon, Mra. Mary Chene sustained
will not be able to resuma her duties |@ paralytic atroke. She was conveyed
there. for some months. to Hotel ig Oh ae her Spee Le
Fire broke out Sunday attemuaan in} reported as being critical. Dr. Dow
the premises ofS. B, “redh & San {s attending«the woman: | Mra. Chene

ld and makes her home
who occupy a brick structure on Erie|3 52 years o
street south a a feed store. The front with a sister at 299 Dougell avenue.

Foraent and Childs.
| Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria

Belay we ve the
exce ectric) on onl
“dea!” atalogue an
ostal will

y station
ew of the many styles of
Freight Paid Price List—sent free

in Old Ontario

freight-paid prices to an
a Fence. The

bring it to you—sh

Exact Copy of Wrapper.

— Thirty Years

GASTORIA

7m CEmvAUR COMPANY, NEW Vomu ciTy,

part of the building was gutted, but
the worst damage wus caused by
smoke and water. The loss {9 not’ es-
timated by the ‘proprietor, It is
thought the fire was started by an
overheated stove.

stove,

The annual meeting of the Leaming-
ton Bowling Club was held at William
Smith & Son's last week. The mem-
bership is now the largest in the his-
tory of the club, standing at. 101,
having more than doubled Jast year,
The chief business was the election of
officers which resulted as follows:—
Hon. President, Major W. G. Gidley;
President, Robert Falrful; 1st Vice-
Pres, J. C. Hutchinson; 2nd vice
Pres,, E.G Awrey; Sec.-Treas,, Ern
est Sharpé; Executive Committee, J.
A. McDonell, H. Lendon, L. J. Wright,
J. TT, Burgess and Wm. Smith;
Grounds Committee, H, Milkins (chair-
mna), Geo, Trott, J. C. Thomas, W. D,
Cox, J. T, Burgess and D, Kennedy;
Canvassing Committee, A. C. Stewart,
W. Hi Willson, B. W, Cox, Mayor
Wigle; Auditors, J. F. Mutrie and a,
A. Campbell.

=

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Elford.
Arthur W, Parker, who has been

She is a widow and the mother of two
sons and one daughter, the latter Mrs.
William, of Detroit. (

Willism Menard, who runs a hotel
at Stoney Point, was fined $200 in the
Walkerville police court becouse a
Government license inspector found
some “patent medicine” in the hotel
premises which contained more than
10 per cent. alcoho). Menard declared
he bought the “medicine” for his wife,
but the court sald the €, T. A. had
been violated, and the sentence had to
stand.

Mrs. Margaret Mousseau, 70 years
old, mother of License Inspector Mous-
seau, died Saturday at the home of
her son, George Mousseau, Adama,
Mass, She had been ill several weeks
from ag severe cold. Surviving are her
her husband, Nathan Mousseau, ‘for-
merly of Belle River; four sons and
five daughters. Mrs. Mousseau had
been Nving in Masachusetts since
1903, Burial was made Monday at
Adams.

Returning to Windsor on leave after
more than two years’ service with the
British armies in Egypt and on the
western front, Capt. T. Harold Crews,
son .of .Rev, H. W. Crews, pastor of.
the Central Methodist church, said
Englandand her “allies confidently
await the much-advertised German of-
fensive. “The people of Great Britiin

M since Christmas with, abscess on | ®re satisfied a great defeat awaits the
the lung, died at the home of his|@@rmans should they attempt to break

brother, William Parker, ~ Thursday | through the allied: Ine in the west,’
morning of/ last week, in the 63rd] C4Pt.Crews said. “The morale of the

THE UNDERFED

How Children of the Ignorant
Are Robbed of Oatmeal

A canvass made among the intelligent

CANADIAN NEWS.
—_—_——
The American Government has usk-
ed Mexico to reconsider its decree im-
posing heavier taxes on oil producers.

Ottnwa’s Patriotic and Red Croxs
campaign closed with na total of $555,-

year. of his age. Deceased’ was tn-
Mmarried,-and has lived with his
brother William for several years
past.. He {is survived by one sister
and five brothers—Mrs. Jas. Mason,
of Della,

allied armies was never better, and the
men are’ anxious for the German of-
fensive ‘to begin.” .

At a well-attended meéting of

the
Border Chamber of Commerce

on
Thursday, Secretary Hannigan of the

eight paid to your station on—

ows and describes fully, and

25 Styles Heavy “Ideal” Fence

Made throughout of full
4-wire fence 33 inches high to a 15-wire, 57-inch fence.

12 Styles Medium Heavy “Ide

9 gauge wire for top and bottom, all o'

Made with No.

2 Styles “Ideal”
all other wires No,
found on ‘‘Ideal’’
Barb Wire Coiled

gauge No, 9, evenly galvanized

” Fence

9 gauge wire for

Fi
tchers, Steel Posts, Dhgvers: oft

SS

Send

today for “Ideal” catalog with Freight-Paid Prices

No. 7400 HORSE AND CATTLE FENCE
40 inches high, stays

ae Se wires,
inches a acing 5,
Made throughout of rail ea

No. 7480 HORSE AnD

T-line ae high, stays
cing 5. 64. 73. 9. 10. 10,
Made throughout of full paee Ne ‘

evenly galvanized hard steel wire.

22 inchea apart, ’S

Price, per rod,

HOG FENCE
No. 831 8-line wires, 31
16} inches a

Spacing 38.

Made throughout of fall gauge

evenly galvanized hard
rode.

full gauge No. 9,
evenly galvanized hard steel ee
Price, per odes se oe rUIC

=

Ea a Ss Cc

steel wire,

No. i GENERAL STOCK FENCE
i ncn ade aa te

8 apar' | . Sh 2 a
& 84. Made througont of fall ple Se vas

No. 9, evenl: vanized_ h:
wire. Price, pene age:

No, 1150 GENERAL STOCK FENCE

ll-line wires, 60 i i
stay sa inches Sat. Made with fae rote
and tom wires No. uge, all oth
Wires No. 12. Pries per tod amid
25-Ib. bundle No. 9'galvanized brave wire
¥ ie (any Aas galvanized fence

4-point

6. 6 7. Th. 8h.

CATTLE FENCE

lo. 9

55c

$1.60

inches high, stays
8x3. 456. 6. %

No, 9, 60

5.50
hi

Hard Steel Wire, from a
A style for every purpose.

ther wires No. 2 gauge,
top and bottom,
Gates—with improved features
Gates. Brace Wire,

75c

1.85 |

‘ >

; “Alta,; : : ‘Ideal’ farm gate, (close mesh) 12 fect
or mows: (hit seven homes sia eleht serve | qq vunherobjactiveswas)hialtin millicn.| Alberta; E era mua e: Hydro -Radial Agsoclation discussed Price, per anon n x48 inchés, Each )
bods vatmeal. Among the ignorantauother can- u Alberta; Eu., of Royal Oak} Mich.; “ Woe
able acs sora thatennecaey bake intdelve Washington advises that troops and Horatio) of Sandwich; Charles, of Government control and electrification —
PPB teres ois, ‘The children grow up iacapa- {supplies for General Pershing’s forces | Detroit, \and ana! The funeral} of the G. T. R. and G. T. P. at length. Send today for complete pri “Tdeal’f.

, ble because bodies and brains are starved. /are now moving to France‘on schedule | was held on Saturday morning; with | #e urged that everything possible be i .! Payal ene ce OUR GUA ss
rest Nature stores in oats more energy food, | time, services at the home of WinyParker,|@oue to secure immediate action by paid to any Beaton in either pig supplies freight “Tdeal’’ fence is guar: palin ZS t]
was more brain food, more neryo food than in ft 2 f a >» cametery- <t|the Government. The people of On- ew Ontario, 18 guaran! made exac
ths | aap other grain that grows. ‘That's why Percy Booze, an SDEMEET WAS aF-] and interment in Erie cametety; “at fapio, heushla at DP oD i t : . ‘ a@ represented, to be made asthe best pepe
ee children crave ontmea,, There is nothin, |7ested in St. Thomas on a charge of | Colchester, aneribliving befor a Ee ran Quebee.and: Maritime Provinces should be made and to give you THAT VALUE
) att Ba : Z *}the theft of cigars and linens from G. es ee private interests w We have opened! wareh A mn 1 BI

to take its place. 7: pen a jousé and office. in ou
fe This is a food on which it doesn’t pay to TR. freight) cars. .. GOSFIELD NORTH Migs hydro project. He says enough Montreal to handle Eastern ments and cor- » expected to recelye when ordering.

| be carcleass, Thero is a very wide differ-] A hole 20 fapt wide hhs appeared © electrification can be developed from respondence. Ask our Branch, 14 Place Royale, We have a large stock of all lea of “Tc

< wage aa oxetog ea BBNeroacel ia richness/{n the foundatiéns of the waterworks ‘ North Ridg ge water powers in- pisenrorince io Montreal, uebec, for “Ideal” prices, frei; tpaid fence on Wed ig will dis oll Sede
0 aod iood value. Don't serve the common dam at» Springbank, caused by the je. not only operate every factory and in- to any.station in is 7 Aor =
i Only the richest! plumpest grains are | Heavy Ice pressure, "© J Intelligen 2 Gat he ome Paces dustry but to run all railways. Elec- “e Canada east of Montre same day az received, while'stock laste.

‘ » plumpes s are Prés-} Mtellgence that her youngest sister |trif@ation of the G. T. R.. would give » : -

: used in Quaker Oats. ‘hey are selected} The union of «Methodist and had passed away. The word came on| power t teipaliti Th M Gr eae .

; by 62 siftings. Only ten pounds are obtain: |byterian churches in ‘the ‘ vicinity of * : power to many municipalities now e NicGregor Banwell Fence Co. Limited Walkervill On i
~ ira DHEHAT® be Sen is a foodrich|Cornwall has ben approved by  the|SUnday afternoon.. Mrs, Nichol left] without hydro, A strong resolution ‘ 2 °9 ‘ J ie, t.
og | io all the oat elements—the utmost in oat: | Glengarry Presbytery. at once) for their home in Decatur,] along the lines suggested by Mr. Han-}- ‘ . <3 '

4 aeal.¢ Yet the cost to you is but one-half] “a joy million-dollar Notre Dame} !l.—An eae ues ape merartee nigan was carried.

" cent per distr, . cr A Mont party. was given Mr: an ra, M. —wies;cse a

a Made in Canada ? G0 Des Dee eee wee Dulles ae eee Small on Thursday last, © A number WHEATLEY. _
, be construction of which will be probabiy ara JOHN GORMLEY DEAD.
“fa begun before the war {s over. of neighbors gathered: at’ their’ home : ae eek .
: Ground ‘glass was found in 200|t9 bld them good-bye, and to express| Miss Eva Featherston left on Sat-,
2) pounds of candy shipped‘from a Bos-|thelr regret at thelr leaving, know- pee. with her ‘aunt, Mg, Geo. Bell, John Gormley, the ,well known]
te 3 factory. for use of the’naval avia-| ing thetr-loss“wil be some one else's for Travers, . Alberts -On- Thursday [iiuctioneer, and one of tile ‘best tnown
ship ton factory 2 aioe gain. They ulso presented Mr. Small] ®¥ening a number ‘of her cgehool-|residents of Essex, passed away at
cost tlon station ate nae aL, as with a handsome meerschaum) pjpe,| ™8tes gathered at her home*nnd|his home thére Wednesday night of
Oy A ah oer ae be lees inteliipetice and—Mrs, Small. with» o° fine -Imen|sPent a most enjoyable éyening be-|Inst week, in the 60th year of his

: Een a RE Bethel ae tins Brooklyn tuble cloth as a token. of the love fore saying d-bye. E age. Deceased wag taken {ll four
fee fC tie: Rusacliites and respect with which they are held Enrl Andersof who’ has been In| months ago, and had been confined
ron , : ot headquarters. of, tite Ru = as neighbors/and friends here, and| ‘raining for artillery service’ at Van-|to hia house ever since with stomich
ri FMI London will protest to the Provincial wishing them every. happiness in| Couyer for tome time, arrived home| trouble and dropsy, his condition “for |,
iw Guns, TRAPS, SPORTING Goons [Legislature against a new measure tHelpinesd™ Nomine 4 Ingt- week -on a visit to his parents, | weeks- past being such that no hopes.”
fom | JOHM HALLAM, Limited {which calls;for the city to provide $7,,) HP bree ag Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Anderson. On| were held out for his recovery,, Mr:

s
ae |

#6 HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO,

 

000 for improvement. of roads in Mids]

dlesex county.

Rice-Jones, - agricultural repred

"avo TOWN uF ESSEX.
by |

Friday evening a party in his honor
was given at his home ‘ind a most

Gormley was born in Dunnville, Ont.,
an March 27th, 1858, and was married

of | ET «. enjoyable time way 3 at ‘i J :)
or 2 sentative of Calgary, advises © everHJkwjRobert Fairbairn purpones moving paar : pent BY au Tee one ae aan puso min y
i L. BERTRAND farmer*or farm Inborer in khaki, to] wigh his family to» Red’ Deer, Alta. Saturday afternoon ‘ while B.XC. Essex, find have resided in that sdéc- ; a ~
pal: FUNERAL DIRECTOR apply for leave of absenee, owing to]about the middle of the month, and Wemp waé using an edging sitw at|tion ever since, Mr. Gormley being | ~ arriages an e tc es
7 RACTICAL Kmbalmer, Murray St. the necessity for. increased produc- | will take up land in that vicinity. the milf, a sliver caught the~back of} employed on the M. C. R: for several , s 2 a +
el + Amherstburg. Day or night. tion. . . Richardson is again confined to}the eaw and was thrown with great| years. Shortly after his marriage, Are the Hi hest Grade Mada in Canada
' j Crime: in France ‘hos grettly In-/the house with bronchitis. Hig moth-| force, striking him across the face.| while employed in a mill at Grand g i “oe

MA EFbas see

toe f

Eke

an gare oxperianoe. Hundreds of satis} ariy icth to. 18th. 7 on Alce: street to Jas. Forsyth, pos-| card from an® Engilah school boy, | brothers: and three Malstere. Ain |. : }
pwa | Excinsive Optical Pasion Mae Bt Minweue Jomes . Whitty and lis daughter, |}eession to be given April Ist. Mrs./who stated that his ‘mother has fi of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Arthur, of] —.
Issuer of Marriage Licenses. jaged two, were suffocated or burned) Snell and family will Move to Toron-| chased the egg on January 19th, and Gincinnats, Ohio; Thomas, Peter, : .

es ph 4 = to death in aire which broke out-In}to this month, and Mr, Forsyth and that she had paid threepence haljen- s. M. Garan and Misa. Winnie y :
pat OF Ta Re MeketRgest: {their home, Pleasant street, Chatham, | family will move to his new property ny for it.. The boy also: mentlonoa Gormley, of Buffalo, N. Y., and Mrs, Phone Al Ramsay Street Amherstbur
a i , a |N-B., soon after they had retired Fri-}about April 1st, Mr. Forayth’s fath- the fact that the egg was none too] Wm. Morrison, of Rosebush, Mich: ) A
oe FRUIT TREES» night, while Mrs, Whitty was ab-jer, A. D. Forsyth, and sister, of Har-|-¢resh, That-humpty~lumpty was at | Mr. Gorimtey had a host sof friends a =
ir jsent from home. row, will move to "Essex and reside|jeast nine months’ old by the time|in all parts of the comity. whoweill ° _ =
a |, SCAND The Brantford Board of a eae with him. Spe” it reached the consumer. Yet the Hear ap his demise with feelings of Sevens acer ery ueneaere ere eM aeE NNN RMNNRATED S

; : has Increased the maximum salary for - venerable Joo says eggs are not un-|regret, and wit) unite in éxtending = ar ‘ nope: =
at P LAN TS women teachers ‘trom $860 to” $900, GOSFIELD SOUTH. necessarily stored. ; sympathy {5 the bereaved family. J : :
eth ieee and granted bonuses of 80 to pencls “Sean an Funeral services ees eae ee :
Le ; ; timates for 5 : ME sail ait

q pals and inspectors. ly rs loth,
rad For Sp TING Planting * 11918 were fixed at $121,700. Homer Wigle, of Albertville, who —— ° gicome

CHAS. LEGGETT

J pRapuare OPTICIAN.
Ninoteon
fled

» We need no further !ntroduction
thon the fiict that ~we have been in,
tho Nursery Bnsiues#’ SiX'TY-ONE

EARS, and’are now prepared to mect
6xisting conditions by» offering our
high grade trees .and plants direct
fo customers “at- ROCK BOTTOM
PRICRs. Se s

Send for our iNustrated circulars of:

dy: variéties. which you can order
Giroct and save the~agent’s. commis-
tion,»of which’ you get the benefit.
Our prices ‘will be sure to interest,
you, and all stock is absolutely first-
clase and true to name. ~

THE CHASE BROTHERS CO.
of Ontario, Ltd.
Nurserymen. —
Established: 1867.

COLBORNES: ONT.

Btate of Ohio, City of Toledo,

Lucas inty, . Be
Guay makes onth that he
er of the firm of, FB. J.)

ae & Co,, doing

creased since the end of 1916, -. this
being attributed to the fact that young
boys hava escaped parental control.
by reason of the mobilization of their
fathers, r+

Viscount Bryce, former British Am
bassador to the United States, has en-
dorsed the aims of the “Win the War
for Permanent “Peace” ~ convention
which is to be held in Philadelphia

W. C Dougins, Ernest Spalding and
William . McKinnon were each fined
|$500 and costa or 60 days, and four’
others $50 and costs or 30 dnys; by.
/Magistrate Denison in Toronto, Fri-
day. They are “International Bible
Students”, charged with — distributing
the “Finished Mystery.”

Grand Trunk Brakeman Harry F.
Millie, aged 24, residing In “Londomiy

ell under his train at Kingscourt on

turday afternoon and suétained® in-
juries{rom which he died a few hours
ater in Victoria hospital. His left
leg. was: so badly ‘crushed that it had
to be amputated near the thiph. 7”

The Hom “Albert Sevigny has ‘tent
dered his resignation as Minister of
Inland: Revenue, in the Borden Cabi-
net. ‘This 4s official. Hon. Albert Se-
vigny was dofented in two constitu-
encles, in Westmount and Dorchester, |
Quo,, at thegeneral election of Dece! :
‘ber last. The counting of the soldiors'
vote, now practically completed, fail-

jad to wipe out the majorities against

Tim.
--Hon, James D. McGregor, formerly

the | 7 joutonant-Governor of Nova “Scotia,
LLARS | died on Monday at his home in New

lasgow. Hon. Mr. McGregor was.

L}twice elected to the Noya Scotia of

cof.New

Glas:

i Y i
ernor of ‘Nove Scotin,

inted'| matism.—The Karmera’>

er-in-law, Mrs. Vose, is also il with
grip, while is two children are il
wth whooping cough.

Mrs. Jane Hopgood, who has been
in Hotel Dieu, Windsor, for seyeral
months pdst, has been remoyed to
the, home of her nephew, Imer
Hopgood, 73 Hall avenue, where she
will make her home. 2

C.°A. Snell*has- sold his property

sold his farm dast week to William
Copeland, will build a fine residence
on his place south of the one sold)
where he owns another farni of 40
ucres.—A large flock of wild geese

ed over here om, Wednesday go-|ruary by $13,261/262, and stood on the] to my old ho;),
fhe north This 1s the one dure’ sign 28th. at, $1,010,780,470; war expendi- | reminisconcliig over the pleasant win-
fall} ture“was Jess than in February, 1917, } ter spent in
ago.I had OChagion to. visit the ‘Bure, [>|

ing north.
of an early spring.—All — the
wheat and clover in this district is
‘still in fine condition, and only a
‘few spots have been’frozen. Grow-
era. soy {f no more heavy freezing’
comes, the fall wheat crop“ will. be
the best seen heie in many: years.—
Angus McCharies {s putting on the
finishing touches to his’ new green-
house here tliia week. He {s putting}
inyhundreds ‘of panés ef glass, and
will jbo ready to start. growing. all
kints-of early plants the last of ‘this
week.—Benns, which haye never
been grown here very. extensively,
will be. cultivated on @ larger scald
this’ season. _ Those who had small
lots: last. year are. well pleased with’
the yield and financial sale of them.
—Solomon Fox and Colin Neville,
who have’ béen’ seriously ill for the
‘last year, ore not regaining thelr)
jficalth as fast ae many friends would |
like to see thom—Tho muskrat sea-
‘son 1s now opeh; and ‘quite a number
\of them have already~been trapped

along the creeks near tho lake “here. |

Pe et N California, . en
“Orlando Wigio is: laid up cori SUoge
“of Goofield. South, will ‘eid th
tical evening at § tent
ie re

His .right eye was considerably in-
jured, and a nasty cut which requir-
ed a number of-stitches to close, was
made in his, face.

with one eye damaged.

One day Ist spring Dawson Mocjele
Ian wrote his nome—nrid address on
an egg, and Jast weck he recelveq 9

Miss Horton, teacher in S. S. No.
19, has given up her school owing to-
anattack of nervous prostration.

——

Canada's net debt Increased in Feb-

and revenues were larger.

SS

BON g

opinion of Zeam-Buk. | alergy-
man, whe eee at ere a ee
writing’ to proprieta jar!
wpon-thé unugual popularity which
Zam-Buk ‘enjoys in the homes of
-the people of his parish, “He says:
‘compare with: it. t :
of an. wie
which’ I travel
>with many eitk ai
and I have Y

The wound was ! dren—Hdlth,
very painful for a couple of days,/but | sor;
Burt {8 now able to be around again | of

Rapids, Mich; ce had the misfortune
to lose lifs right arm.+To Mr. and
Mrs. Gormley were born scven chil-
deceased; Carl, Winds
Ethel (Mrs. Stanley Halstend),
Harrow; William, © of “Essex;
Mabel (Mrs. Karl Paul), of Fort
Wayne, Ind.; Minnie ~ (Mra. L. L:
Morin), .of, Amherstburg, and Kate,
at home. He {s/also survived by four

~ BAEK TO PELEE.

Dear Bd..—
As I haya started on my journey
© on Pelee I cannot help

Your town. About.a year.)

whero T was told) that there were one
hundred houges vacant and ‘the people
had nothing to go, in fact-I believe you
could have shit ‘a cannon..down-the
street on-@ Bisy Saturday afternoon
and not hit oiyone, But now what a
miraculous change. Everyone has their
pockets bulging with Breenbacks; the
stores, butcher shops and barber shops
ate tour is npnulne business, ~ Am-
tu "JW & place of hoapitallty,
and good: chiar, a place. where the
people's heaits ‘are ‘overflowing: with
Auman kindness; a place |
id people live,-and the

He eatimation® eclipses the: town; in

she ta oan

sable fo capturs one of them sto. take
back igthe Nand, and-if T live to be
one hi and - fifteen, the pedro
parties, danciy ani, gi veieats parties

I have taken the agency
solicit «a continuance’ of your patronage.

Gray Buggies, Carringes, Cutters,
are the best of their kind.
on liberal terms,

Built at home. “Tho choicest\material

Our shop -also headquarters for DEERING FARM MAOHINERY.

There is pleasure‘at every
stage in the use of Sunlight. ‘
In ‘the washing—for the

‘work is greatly lightened.
: In the iron-

is the-Indios, and one:
grets ie that I was un-| -

dn this district for the GRAY products, and
Fanning Mills and. Kitchen Cabinets

Sold

ee

Hn tne evenagunigenrenitzzaeate

»

 
Publishea by

THE ECHO PRINTING GO. Limited,
Amherstburg, Ont.
JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARG6H,

THE. NEW GOODS

Are coming in lnrge quantities. On every oor new styles President. Sec-T

to be found. Many forward buyers do not like to wait —
se formal openings, and while stocks will be a litule high- FRIDAY, MARCH 15th, 1918

er later on, yet we have enoagh to satisfy meariy every one.

MILLINERY

The recent spring days have been so suggestive of
new hats that we hare put in a busy week of it. and now
have new hats in abundance—everything is new—no old

stock.

Seventy-Eighth Anniversary ane ES

YEAR-END SAL

THIS ALE i buyers. It is antictpated
come to mean much to piano
with eal ‘fete year—looked forward to by all whose homes are not

| ical instruments.
Each eee fone cian bring pianos in from studl08, ea eee tioDs! ” Hem thin
Agencies, and classify others that have come in on pat es clearing, and “as*-euch

-in
special event. Le

The Canadian Associated / Press}
learns that Co). Thompson. for the
Government, has requested a recount
of the soldiers’ votes taken in England
for North Essex, West Middlesex,
South Renfrew and Queen's, P. E L
W. T. R Preston, Opposition scratin-
eer, has requested a recount in the
Yukon. W. F. Cockshutt asks for a
recount in Brant.

The quest for senatorial positions
is most noticeable throughout Ontario
particularly, and names of candidates
are mentioned, who are only:qualified
by resaon of some political #vork they
did for the party in power without re-
ference to fitness in any other way.
It’s about time Essex. Kent and Lamb
ton were considered. This district
has been without senatorial represen-
tation for years. When considering
this. one name stands out above all
others—Dr. Remi Casgrain—now in
charge of a military hospital in Eng-
land. Dr, Casgrain is eminently fitted
as to family, culture, education and all
attainments required to grace the po-
sition.

 

HOUSE DRESSES snd dresses for the children in
Gi Percales, Chambrays, Rompers, a bigger range
than ever before—also stout sizes.

NEW DRESSES

Serges, Crepe de Chines, Taffetas—Wonderfully pretty
creations of the dress maker’s art. Some extra nice ones

t $15, Crepe de Chine, and a particularly fine lot be-
feo : $25 and $35

fhe sale constitutes @ general, yt every used instrument to such an

7 Ives the marking- e
Be gute, naturally tno of pinoo MUST appreciate that the offerings are the veny

extreme of value. ed to the added interest attac

Special attention is direct ; n ae
of the new pianos that have been included, in addition,

worth. . :
The terms are very liberal.

fas as possible. Se
These wie cannot call should write or phone for ful

our giving here a brief selection from each class.
Windsor, tell the telephone operator to “reverse the :
the cost of your phone call, if imterested—or will allow
Windsor on a purchase of over $200. When you phone,
Phone Windsor 2078.

A NEW UPRIGHT OF LATEST DESIGN AT $275.50

irst Shot Out of the Gun, and to Prove That We Mean Business
gre and Quick Action.

Terms as Low as $15.00 Cash and $8.00 Monthly.

is pi i isti r i forming to the modern

This piano is an artistically designed instrument con
taste of plain, simple lines in an upright. Nicely marked veneers are used of a
superior finish, which gives it a strikingly handsome appearance. But more im-
portant is the tone of the piano, which is clear and of surprising. volume. Medium

size, full steel plate, empire top, brass trimmings: with hand-made $257, 50
e

bench to match. DON’T’ HESITATE COME IN.......14-..++-+:

hing to this sale by reason
to the used ones of sterling

Cash low and arranged, to suit purchaser’s convenience as
] list, as space only permits of
Iz you live within 50 miles of
charge.” We will gladly bear
railway fare to and from
ask for Sales. Manager.

The occupation of the 235 members
composing the new House of Com-
mons. according to the figures compiled
by W. F. O'Connor. general returning
officer. are: Barristers. 73; notaries,
3; conveyancer, 1; physicians, 23;
yeterinaries. 2; - dentist, 1; farmers,

rancher, 1; publishers and journal-
. 11; educationalists, 2; manufac-
turers, 23; lumber operators, 7; con-
tractors, merchants, 22; brokers
. "17; plumber, 1; railway
conductor, 1; land surveyor, 1; mili-
tary officers. 4. In addition to the
four members who are designated as
officers or soldiers, there will be about
a doZen others jn the House who have
served in the war.

+

+

i

+

+

+

+ How About a New Quilt?
+ Turkey Red Chintzes for coverings and fancy floral
5 designs in greens, blues,’ete., yard wide, 2Se and 30¢ a
4 yard; and batting to fill them at Ise to 30c a roll; also the
‘ large batts in one piece—72x90 inches—a nice summer
Bs weight, $1.00; the same size-but a little heavier, $1.50.

as

fe

+

ns

+

+f

+

eo

as

es

+

ke

Barllet, Macdonald & Gow

LIMITED.
9-11-13 Sandwich St: East'and 16 Ouellette Ave.

The Dominion Government has
passed reguiatfons governing :packing

uses Hereafter no packing house

th an annual turnover of $750,000 or
‘ over can make more than? per cent.
on annual sales, or more than 11 per
cent. on actual working capital. Regu-
lations governing packing companies,
effective from January Ist, 1915, were
issued Monday night. A dividend not

Sacred Music in the Home

Is rapidly superseding Rag Time. This Is a fact Ono

A Player-Piano Special

tg!

+
+
+
+
+
+
+
-
+
-
+
=x
:
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+-
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+

/*

Crimmins Block

 

Acction Sae |

There wil] be offered for sale DY Publie |
S§urtion at Fox's very yard, AMMherstburs,
a

MONDAY, MARCH 25th, 1918 |

2 months
1 Deering |
re

w Corker Plow
Massey-Harris) ;
« section 12-
Tout Harre
fh, Trucks (nea
Mo Separa’
» Bain Waren:
Warranted 10 Carry one}
Ss; ti pair Scotch |
aw Cofare: 10 ral-}
7 Paint; Galvanized

y 0° with

Rock Hens (cash);

Table, 1-foot:.
mer;
. ant

I us to mention.
Sale tarts at 1 P.M. sharp.

TE! —Ali sums at cr under #10 cash
ever thaf amount 16 ‘months credit ©
KA jon
cents per annum of for
Ritied Lo credit
CLARK & ATKIN
Agctionsers

eas Ga sums en- |

ALVAH LARAREE,
; Proprictor.

Auction SALE

——

There will be sold Dy Publi@ Auction at
my place, Fort Street, Amnerstourz, on

SATURDAY, MARCH 22rd, 1913

The following:—1 Bay Morse. cowinzg 5S
years old, weight about 4269 finunda;
Wagon; 1 Top Buggy: 1 set sinzle Rugsy,
Harness (nearly new): 1
Harness; { Deering Mower (now), S-foot
cut; 1 Cockshutt Plow and 6 new Points;
about 1 ton Hay; §-ft. Step Ladder (new) >
76 [eet new Garden Hose; § Lawn Mower
(new); 9 Oak Barrels; 1 5-pleew Parlor
Suite (new); 1 Centre Table (new): 1
Rug 9 feet by 10 feet 6 in. (new); 1 Stae-
board (new) > 6 Dining Room Chairs (new) ;
41 Dining Room Table (extension); 1 Leath-
er Couch; 1 Sewing Machine:

Springs
ors; Sheets: 2 Tab ite)
. Table; { Washing Machine and) Wringer;
1 Botler; 1 Tub; 6 Kitchen Chairs; 1 kiten-
en Stove; § bushels Potatoes; 100 IDs.

Flour; Ki aod Dishes: antity of
Fruit a Miehen Utensils; re Chickens

‘orks; Rakes; Shovels; Hoe;

cues. and otber articles 100 numerous to

ay 4 House and Lot.—Lot No. 25 South

Fort Street, East of Canning Fac-

frame bourse in good re-

on foundation, with cement floor and 1

overpead: also. good

and Coal Shed;

state nek

_| MOYNAHAN BROS. (

BEST WORK AT CLOSEST PRICES. BRING
YOUR GARMENTS HERE FOR PROMPT SERVICE

Gents’ Garments

-_WE CARRY THE LATEST IN ALL LINES. WE
HAVE A FULL LINE OF GENTS’ FURNISHINGS,

Special—Overalls 98c $125, $1.65

The Working Men's Friend.

- Amherstburg.

1 three | 3

many other }.¢

notes, or 6 per}

vet Heavy Sinele | f

foundation; also good Rarn | ¢;

Ai such as will be

«

oooh bebedebdebdetetedededetod ferlertorterfoofeoleofeofooferferfeote

oaks

Auction. SALE

Thete will be Sold by Public Auction at
Lot 24, N.MCR., 4 mile east of Gest, 6%
miles Southwest of Es8#r. on Maiden Road,
in Township.of Colehester North, on

WEDRESDAY, MARCH 20th, 1918
At 10 o'clock the following. property
Bay Mare, & old: Bay! Colt, 3 years
years old, 1 4 Supposed
ding Clyde, 4 years old, 1390
Giyde entire, 2 years old. with pedi-
avy Draft Colt, { year old: &

1% years old, family driver

a. $ ofd, farmil

itking, ]
ars old, dué Aj Durharn
3 years old, canibe registered, bred to
rexistered bull, due In June; Durham Heifer
rising 2 Years, can be ; 2 Jarsey
Caws, 4. Years ‘Gld, dur
Heifers, risingoahree ye

domDurham Steers,
i urban

Poland, due jn Jun
D Ths; 4 mo
ars old (eligi

and 2 ganders; 4

Barred fe Bock C
Mc. Grai fom cut, complete

with pole -and {tuck, in good repair; Mec.

Manure Spreader, In pou working

John§ton Corn Binder, in good

Massey-Harris Hay Loader; M.-H.

§-foot cut; -H. Side Delivery Rake

Hay. Tedder—ali having tools in ge

pair; _F. & W. . &-foot;

Dump’ Nake.

road :

10. hoe;

and Truck:

Corn Cultiv . 4 5

Sure Drop Corn Planter,

“kshutt 2-furrow Plow; 2

pS

Mcc’

C Double» Sho
Plows. Furro leaner; Food Iron Harrow,
4 sections; 2 sets Iron Harro
rood Baln.Wagon, nearly ne
Chatham W mn; Waron By
Hog Nack and Corn Box combined;
Burgies in good repair: Democrat: Road
Cart. food Cutter; Wheelbarrow; Corn
Shetier; three Portaile Hog Pens,.{0x20 on
skids; 2 Diteh Scrapers, good. ax new; 2
Lif Forks and 150 feet Hay Rope and
Pulleys; 2 Grind Stones; Swill Cart; good
: Mélotte Cream Soparator: set

‘4ruck Seales, 2000 Ws.: set of Doubio
farce set of apps a LC ae nS
¥: quantity good Lumber; quantity rc
Green Wood; 45 bushels 0. 4. C. No. 72
Son Oats: quantify Oats and Barley mixed:
quimiity good Hay; 3 sets Double Harness:
Dinner Bell; barrel Dairy Salt; food Barrel
churn; good Extension Table, 8-foot: food
fumed oak Library Table: 300 or 400 brick
and some 3 and 5-inch tile; Forks, Spades;
Whitletrees, and other articles too numer-
ous to mention.

Lunch served by the Gesto Patriotic
League.
No reserve a5 proprietor is giving up

TERMS—Sums of 810 and under, cash;
over that amount 10 months’ credit _al-
lowed on furnishing- approved Joint .notes
ted by a chartered
bank. 7 per cent. per annum off for cash
on sums. entitled to. credit, any he

FP. T.

Auctionoers, Proprietor.”

_ Aucridy’ Sate

=
Sold by Public Auction
y, Colchester “a

-|over what he had counted on.

-Jat 3 o’clcok

{| nitions.

exceeding 7 per cent. on actually in-
vested capital goes free. A dividend
between 7 and 15 per cent pays one-
half over 7 per cent to the treasury.
The. regulations stipulate further that
“no person. association, firm or incor-
porated company shall engage in the
slaughter of live stock or the mannfac-
ture of products therefor,” whose busi-
ness exceeds $750,000, gross sales,
without a written Hcense from the
Canada Food Board... Definitions of
profits*and the computation of capital
are dealt with at lemgth in the regula-
tions. In computing capital it is pro-
vided that the capital actually invested
{n the busin ss shall be the amount
paid up in cash of the capital stock.
Where the stock has been issued for
any consideration other than cash the
fair value of th> stock at the date of
issue shall be deemed to be the am-
ount paid up on such stock. In no
cage‘will-the value of the stock’ be
fixed at am amount exceeding par
value. The actual unimpaired reserve,
rest or accrmulated profits of an in-
corporated company will be included
as part of capital

ANDERDON.

Mrs. Hilaire Gignac sold 35 acres of
her farm, west side front road, to, A.
J. Barge. of Windsor, for $3,000. ©

Jéhn E. Dalton, chet engineer on the
steamer Shenango, and wife were vis-
itors at Mrs. J. H. S. Brown, on Mon-
day.

Mrs. Patrick Bastien left on Satur-
day- for Partreeve, Sask. where she
hwill mmke an extended visit with hér
daughter. Mrs. (Capt.)° Grass.

The auctiom sale at Mrs. George H.
Ferriss’ will be held on Wednesday,
March 20th, amd at Thomas Coyle’s on
Tuesday, Marcis 26th. See lists in this

y } issue.

‘Alex. Moody's sale went considerably
‘Mr.
Moody will be employed on Walter
Botsford’s dairy farm the coming sea-
son.
* Mrs. Patrick Bastien wishes to an-
nounce .the marriage, on ~Febroary
23rd. of her som, Philip, Bastien, to
Miss Violet, May Mitchell, of London,
England.

Remember Jamés A. Gibb's extens-

«jive auction sale of thoroughbred Jer-
Aseys, pigs, sineep., etc. on Thursday

next, 21st inst. 5th con.,and Gravel
Read, Malden. .

Freemont Nelson recelved a mes-
sage on Mondiay of the death of his
sister, Mrs. Wm. Foster. of Marion/
Obio. His gister, Mrs. Sophia Smith,
is seriously il] m Detrot, Mich.

Auction sale of household furni-
ture at the Hamilton homestead, Bath-
urst Street, on Saturday, March 23rd,
pm. Robert Hamilton,
Prop.; Clark.& Atkin, Auctioneers.

Mr. and.Mrs, Robert Boussey enter-
tained a large number of their friends
at a card party on Tuesday evening,
March 5th. The house was beautiful
‘ly decorated witli pink and white car-
A ‘delightful luncheon was
served. Prizes wére, won as follows:
Ladies’ first, Mrs. J. No Richard; 2nd,
Miss Edna Fox; 37d, Miss Mabel Reid.
Gentlemen's 1st, Fred. Cornwall; 2nd,
Ed. Sinasac; 3rd, J. N. Richard.

Mrs. Jacqués Pare, aged 64, former-
ly of this townshi/p, passed away dt
her. home in Detroit on Saturday
morning. having Peéen {ll for a few
days with pneumonia. Mrs. Pare’s
maiden name wa Spholastic Ray-
mond, and she w48 Married to Mr.
Pare at Canard ftiver 45 years ago.
They resided at Canard River until

ever since. Mrs. P:

dsposition and 123ves a large circle
of friends. Besides her husband, a
family of four #908 and six daughters
sarvive—Jame*, Louis, Arsene, Man-
uel, Mrs. Mgaforton, Mrs. Darazin.

Those who take delight in the musical satisfaction
which a. player gives them will find specially attrac-
tive this delightful player. In a modern type of home,
where) good music is, enjoyed. such an instrument will
give untold possibilities of happiness and save *many
dollars now spent in amusement elsewhere. $10.00
worth of music rolls and bench.

YEAR END SALE PRICE

A Cabinet Phonograph

Large size cabinet instrument {n hWandsome polish-
ed mahogany, with casters, very quiet, smooth-ranning
motor, extra tone quality; the needle hissing so no-
ticeable in most. other machines is almost. entirely
unheard in this” instrument.

good result of the war. You would be surprised to
know that while organs were almost unsaleable three
years ago, to-day they are being purchased by* many
of our most musical clients who) already own pianos.
After all there is nothing more inspiring or comfort-
ing than to gather round the organ at home and sing
the good old hymns. .The following organs are in fine
order; our repair man knows his business. Very easy
terms, ws

MORRIS, 5 octave.) walnut
clean with new pedal carpets:
fall tone. Stool to match.

case, cottage model,
With. rich,

Only $10

ESTY, by the world’s best organ builders, will take
up very litte space in your home,
gem of rarest tone ‘quality

is a
choice

cost you $165 elsewhere.
per month. YEAR END

= LANSDOWNE, our. regular $375 instrament, price

Included with this offer
record albums and your

The* equivalent would
Terms $10 cash and $8

: $97.50
‘Special for Musician

full set of handsome
of twenty selections.

High-Class’ Used. Uprights

. Terms as Low as $10 Cash and $7 Monthly

As the Nordheinier Piane is sold tq the yery finest
musicians we usually g& the better trade- planes in
exchange. Coming from good homes, thas~are’matur- -
ally well kept and seldém marred. Many are a@s.g6od
a5 new. aS ee

WILLIS, Vertical_Grand. Made to -arder for choir
Master; who came here recently from tostrendt apt

advancing April first In
nut case, medium plain design; largest size. Specially ff]
$2 5 A

handsome catin finished ma-
hogany, medium size. Finest
material ‘throughout. possés-
aing very pcre, rieband pow-
erfcl tone ‘quality, fully
Guaranteed ‘for 5 years
Terms $15 cash and $5
monthly. YEAR END

PRE ca $335

constructed throughout. Regular prite
$550. YEAR END SALE rYRICB
HAINES & CO. medium sized, mahogan:
5 ms - 5 modern
case design, full steel frame, in perfect part A very
handsome piano that will give years of good $185

seryice- “YEAR END SALE, PRICE
ouls design) in mahogany or walnut.

COLONIAL, I
pianos for, our wholesale trade; guaranteed. to

Sample
be absolutely few. The equal of many other pinnos

sold at $450, You will not get this chance j {

again. SPECIAL YEAR END SALE PRICE. . $315
ADDISON & ADDISON, Cottage U rasewood
I ge Upright, “

case, neat and cléan, nicely repaired Bia zoos

tone. YEAR END SALE PRICE.

A Word from Mr. McCaffrey

ag Oe will find all these. instraments ag represénted ””
above. 7We do no sensational advertising. L count .

among” My “musical €llents. ‘mo st of
Be nts p he promin
families in Tim Border Cities, satay iio = aaa

around the corner to our sto:
store by. accident.
wanted high grade goods backed by bunlaeeeet ony

—Wwmy poliey for the past eight
2 : I 8 Bht successf
Windsor and, 1 6xpect, fort! comming Seentaenn .

on. YEAR-END
SALE $20 PJ :
- McCAFFREY;’
Manager. © aa

Store Open Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Evenin

7 CHATHAM St. W., WiNDSOR:

HEINTZMAN & CO. Square
Grand in dark rosewood case
with carved serpentine legs,
full ‘Seven Octaves; over-
strung stale, full steel plate,

YEAR END $75

, SALE
BOARDMAN &
GRAY, not two
large “for - your
room; will. ‘do
nicely for the
children to begin

 

with Alvin Vermette. He started in
pursuit and saw them running away.
The people of the neighborhood are
aroused and are prepared to give them
a hot time if caught The next night
Dolphis *Droufliard had quite a faw
stolen. It is belloved the same parties
were on the job,

McGREGOR.

Mr, Meloche, though still confined
to Bed, is improving alowly.

Arthur Meloche and family have
moved to the village from the Gravel)

Wedding bella will ring lustily ‘about.
Easter... From all accounts there will)
be some yery agreeable sarprines. ~

The roads in the vicinity are almost.
impassible. The congregation at the
Ace gal etic etree
mostly of men wi
ple from the immodiate vicinity. ~

The Canning ry has met with
great success, having closed contracta |
for 700, acres of tomatoos and 900
acres of, sweat reales _ It the season
turns opt favorably for ih ten ;

os $ |

ie 6 a busy timo in

SATISFACFORY CLOTHES FOR DAD AND HIS LAD?

YOUR SPRING HAT IS HER
= Gad aie in ( :
1 4-in-Hand Spring Weight

Ties Underwear

dust to See 'em
Will Be to Buy

ieo—

The minnte
‘em you'll want to tm
vest, and the -sooner
you buy the dettor be-
dee ait
1 t
Tent raritae
: was .

& Re ~* |. Combinations to fit
They're as full of the stim fellow or the

Hed bodied man—they
correctly made
of light ‘
pad a weight, yot

| fals—wools . and mix-|
{ ‘eae The suits start

 
’

Cotton Prints in ataple lines which used to sell at 10 to 15
26 cents, and will be cheap in throe months more at 60 cents.

Recent idvestigation-In the usp of Cotton in the War show:
a 124nch gun disposes of a halt Dale of cotton with ev. ie
machine gua in operation will use up a bale in three ee aa

pattlo Hike the one of Jutland, over 6,000 pounds ‘a minut
by each active warahip;.more than 20,000 bales a year is cesta n toypis

Make your Spring Purchases now
Soom caton dary wounfe ot ited on shee appa fra | While the Buying is GOOD.

WE ARE SELLING’
22c || GINGHAMS at 20 & 22c
25c || Scotch Ginghams at 22 &/25c

$2.00 || A Lot of 7, 8, & 10 Yard Ends Wash Goods at PRE-WAR Prices

OVERALL6—At the time of going.to proas® Overaile aa toad Pay
eect yee eo $23 per Saat fee tapes lines, "t is pein ,
5 other advance on the 1st of March will esala -
price to $2 per garment, or $24 per dozen. ‘ pond he

COMING--CARLOAD OF SUGAR

REDPATH & ST. LAWRENCE © cow
ORDERS TAKEN @Q © e
NOW AT————- « ; A

Prints at
Percales, yard wide, at
Overalls, Standard, at

CAS

W. R. BOYCE & CO..,

THE ECHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Greater Production

BUY SPRING GOODS NOW.

Garden Tools, Spades,
Shovels, Rakes, Cultivators -

GARDEN SEEDS

Secure them now.

PAINTING
3 and
Building Material

Sold closer than ever in the county.

Power Hand Horse \Clippers.
Poultry Netting.
Screen Wire.

Spraying Materials,
Sap Spiles, &c.

6, RICHARDSON & SON
~ Music-in-the Home
~~ Hothing’ Quite So Pleasant

Haye You Looked Over Our Stock of Victrolas?
We have something to suit every home,

COME IN TO-DAY
RECORDS AT ALL PRICES.
Jeweler and Optician. Harrow. Ont.

T WEBSTER & THRASHER’S

AND TAKE A LOOK AT.OUR

Spring Shoes

Both Fino and Work Shoes

 

 

t DROP INA

Also Seo Our Spring Samples for.

Made-to-Measure\Clothing

Mado Up io the Latest Styles

Done Chas. Webster's Stor

HARROW,

ae sa Lots of Spring Harness for Sale at Right Prices.

 

We invite your. inspection
for Ladies, Men and Boys from
bers.and Rubber Boots in all sizes. ©

ax

We offer 45 pairs Ladies’ Shoes-—Sizes 1 to 4--at.25 | ee in the _Mottodiat church,

per cent reductionto clear. .

Our Springand: Summer
and Whe sbiebacw in—$2.50 to $3.00. Also
Ladies’ Mahogany. Shoes, $5.00 to $6.25. 4

JOE HALLO’

Harrow, *

: :
ns
of our full line of Raincoats

$4.50 to $12.00 and Rub-

Wotten’s fine Shoes,, Pumps|
fine line of|

m:: “God'y pest,” being tho fifth’ ser-|

HARROW. {

Dee a a tas Sd eee orte

Miss Nina Hughson fo visiting in the
city.

Horse clipping.—See ~ Stephens &
McLean, Harrow.

Mra. P. T. Clark spent o few days
in tho city last week,

Mra. EH Renno and Mrs. J. Hallo
spent last Friday in the city.

Hogs remain firm at $18.50. A couple
of cars will be shipped this week.

Rev. A.\ Edington has resigned the
pastorate of the Presbyterian church
here,

Order your strawberry and other

plants now for prompt delivery. A.

Agia.

Maurice Best, traffic officer, Wind-
sor, {8 confined to bed with a serious
{lmess. $

Gordon Ferriss is spending a couple
of weeks with his father, Thomas H.
Ferriss.

Miss Maggie Ferris is spending two
weeks with relatives in Windsor, De-
troit and Amherstburg. :

James Wright leaves to-day (Friday)
for London to begin military training,
he having’ been notified in the second
draft.

The Ladies’ Adult Bible Class of the
methodist church invites all the mem-
bers and others to-attend the class ev-
ery Sunday.

The Ladies’ Ald of the Methodist
church will hold their usual Easter
tea Monday_evening, April 1st. Par-
ticulars later.

Mrs. C, T. Arner is moving into the
John Sellars house, and Charles Quick
is moving to the Arner place, which
he recently bought.

The mon’s choir of the Methodist
church rendered splendid inspiting
music Sunday night. A large congre-
gation was present.

Frank Herdman moves Into the Silas
Brush blacksmith shop this month,
where ho invites his old friends to fol-
low. him for good work and prompt
service-

Alex. Michael, of Leamington, open-
ed his general store in the,I. 0.-O. F.

block Saturday. He haa rented both | 5

parts and {s putting in a large and
varied stock.

*W. A. Clark, manager Imperial Bank,
Bssex; proved the value of a Ford car
Tuesday, driving through the mud witti
the inspextor to Harrow, arriving here
in good time,

. Mr. Chisholm,‘ export for the Clark!
& Co., Litd., loft this week for Picton,
owing to. the serious illness of his fath-
er. A Massage Tuesday sald that he
had but &@ few‘hours to live.

The Wovnien’s Institute meeting was.
postpone® until next Wedaesday, at
the game time and place, owing to the,
death of Mrs. Ferriss, a valued mém-
ber of tife Institute. - : m

A ten-cont.; tea given by Mrs. S.
Bayes, Tuesday evening, in aid of the
Ladies’ Union of the Baptist church,
was welll attended. o-sum of $7.00
pe rec@{ved from the enjoyable func-

on. : > ‘

Fred. Branton is mourning the loss
of & New pair of, rubber boots, which
mysteriously disappeared from his’ gar-
age Monday before Le had a cliance
to us6 them, They ‘probably walked
away to hook for Sam ‘Hood's hogs.

The lecturo given at the town hallin
Harrow © Monday evening, February
26th, was quite a succe’g;in-spite of
the incloment weather. Proceeds were
$24, with $$ expenses. The.+ ladies

wish to thant the public for thelr gen:
erous, offering. fe

en atthe Harrow B. M. E. church on
Sunday, March 31st, at 3 pm. The
Indies are Practising now for a lengthy
and excelléyt programa” Also a grand
Martha Washington tea. with program,
Monday-evGning, April. 1st. Admission
10c. Ever¥hody welcome. e.
Services wili be held in. the Baptist
church n@xt Sunday as follows: —Sun-
day schoo! at 10.a.m:, classes for,every-
body; Pastor téacher ‘Bible’ ‘olaas.
Morning ‘worship’at 11,.eubjact; “The
Companion ‘of God"; evening sarvice
at 7.30, Rispél service,” sul

lasting Love.”
Sorvig ve.” Everyh

F-welcome.. ¢

day 8cliool and Bible classes—evory-
body Wéicome. 11 a. m., subjects
th—ite Priceless Value.”;. 7.30 p;

‘mon on the Prodigal Son) Good music
by the eXsslent cHoir. Non-church
goers C8p6Clally invited.” ‘

The Gash Store A eee of the Patriotic League
~~ SEO AWAY) Inst Th Rey. Mr, i
y, Roy. Mr Ruad and F.) vito walats froma bureau. drawer,

“|H. Ferriss worp tendered a hearty
_ De their ae do-
ey presonted
League. fe part of the auneca
from their forts on bohalf of the Vic-
tory Loan. Tho fact that gach of) the
other thray Red Cross ‘societies fared
weriotio Rint a “- routines for the
all . of these | canvass:
ere which was fee incantive es the gift.

‘The Soith Colchester, ‘Schoo
tho. Baptist
f Inst week.

held
i ‘by Rev'D.

ot:, “Ever-'

-EASTER CARDS
NOVELTIES

AND

FLOWERS
THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW.

db bb bb
+ COLCHESTER SOUTH

EEE PEED EE EE EEE TEEPE ET EF

Hadley Hall, Easter Monday. Stone.

G. Arner & Sons have green ground
bones for chickens.

Nelson Deslippe spent the week-end
with his uncle, A. S. Deslippe.

Mrs. Adrien Levergood returned

ednesday from visiting in Walker-

lle, -

The sleet storm Saturday pula num
ber of telephone lines out of commis-
sion.

Norman Affleck ig making a splen-
did recovery from his recent severe
illness,

Miss Ida Deslippe is making.a splen-
did recovery from severe attack of
appendicitis,

Earl Deslippe and Miss Marguerite
Mungovan were Sunday visitors; at
Alex. Bondy’s. ‘

The auction sale announced at Geo.
Dubry’s next Monday should read
Louls Dubry’s.

See advertisement in this Issué for
sale of horses on March 30th. Mrs.
George C. McLean, ~s

I have for sale seed corn, Mortgage
Lifter yellow dent, 2 years_old,,,from
Nebraska, testing 98%. Jolin Corn-
wall, Harrow.

A. J. Fox has added a classy year-
ling Shorthorn heifer to his fine grow-
ing herd. He purchased her at Hamil-
ton, last week.

Special Palm Sunday services in St.
Mark’s A. M. B. Zion church at 3 p.
m. Sunday, March .24th. Also pro-

am, Rev. Frye, pastor, x
Mrs. William; Hooper and little

Harbor, spent

er-brother, Geo.
mire’s.

~ Connor is quite

daughter, of: Victo
two weeks visiting.
Stephens, at Geo,.
Mrs. (Rev.) J.
podrin= Hat,
Connor, Windsor
home this week.
Remember Ji
ive auction sal
seys,. Digsy, she:
next, 216t inst.;.5d

Road, Malden. :

Tho Junior Farmdrs’ Association of
Colchester South arb keeping up their
organization and’ mget monthly at the
Renno house: Théy plan to discuss
many interdsting-topica. during. the
weason. } ‘

Over thrée dozen ladies are enjoying
the instructions daily given by Miss
Jean Didsbury at Mra. A._P. Clark's.

Qibb'’s extens-
yroughbred: Jer-
j,on Thursday
C and Gravel

The course closes: Thursday, and Misa |-

Didsbury then goes to Kingsville to
conduct © similar course there for a
month. )
> The ‘Auction sale at Thomas Rids-
dale’s, Tuesday, was well attended in
spite of the bad roads. ‘The sum of
$1201 was realized. Good. fair prices
were received foP everything. Mr.
land. Mrs. Ridsdale leave edon for thelr
new home fn Windsor, -

Friends of Hartson Fawdry and. his
bride, gave them a delightful surprise,

in the form ofa miscellaneous shower

Do not Miga the Easter program giv-|St his father’s home, Wednesday night

of last week, A few pleasurable hotirs
were spent in music and cards, and
the bride received many beautfful and
useful gifts. es e
Mr. and Mrs. Ebenezer Wright have
recently celebrated the 6let annivers-
fry of their marriage, and though he
{s 82 years of age itnd ehe 50 they are
both-enipying splendid rugged health.
The Wright family of seven brothers
are rémavkable for theirage and good
health, comprising’ Ebenezer, Cornel-
dus, William G., eph 'S., Angus B.,
fiomas L. and Gordon P., the young-
edt, ‘who is 64. 2 . .
How do.they get-away with it? A
‘week ako while Mrsa.Ernest Tofflemire
|Jwos attending a Red Crous meeting

her husband, hg Femained about the) ”
pn to I@aye.for ten }-

house, had _occ:
minutes‘0r so to ‘get some wood, On
fife return in thatshort space of time
someone had enteréd the house. and
made away with, a good sized picce
of pork, some canned fruit and pickles,
and even stole ono.of Mrs. Tofflomire's

lcaging absolutely no trace. No one)
but @ brazen expert could do it. Of a
Jong Beries of patty thofts in Colches-
ter, this {s the limit, ~
‘The death of Duncan. Ferriss,
Sunday evening) caused general re;
gret. She had suffering for over
years, an ‘operation which sho
undorwent at that timo in Harper hon-
pital having to relleve her of
hor trouble.

COLCHESTER NORTH.
Remember James A, Gibb'a extens-
{ve auction sale of thoroughbred Jer-
seys, pigs, sheep, otc. on Thursday
next, 21st inst., 6th con. and Gravel
Road, Malden.

ee
~ GOSFIELD SOUTH.

, Orley Bailey, son of Orlando Bailey,
$rd concession, while cutting wood on
Robert Lannin’s farm, Tuesday, gash-
ed his foot badly with an axe, The
wound will confineshim to the house
for some time. ¥

Arner.

Mrs. Armond Oxley and baby are
visiting at D. L.’ Crawford’s.,—Mrs.
Earl Fulmer has gone to Leamington
to undergo an operation—Mra. D.
Welsh and Mrs, Cane, of Windsor,
spent the week-end among friends
here—James McGill made a business
trip to Chatham this week.—Mrs. John
Staddon has béen spending a week in
Kingaville—Miss Tilden, of Point
Pelee, as been appointed teacher of
the lake school in the place of Miss
Pratt, who was compelled to resign on
account of {Il health.—Wilfam Stad-
don, jr., {s occupying R. Bede's cot-
tage at present, while assisting his
brother John, who has the saw mil} in
operation again—Thoe revival services
at Zion church are .deing well at-
tended. !

ee Oe

CUT THE HIGH COST
OF INSPECTING

The Bditor of The Echo:

Doés it not appear a little extrava-
gant these times for the Grand Jury
twice a year, and sometimes four
time a year, to make a visit to the
Tuberculosis hospital at Ruthven, and
to the House of Refuge at Leamington.

it mist take about $100 of Essex coun-
ty ratepayers’ money each trip, which},

might be put to better use. The insti-
tutions are all right, and if the ex-
penses of making a trip were divided
between the two institutions — it
would bring better results, At Leam-
ington thereis a competent manager,
matron and inspector, besides the
Standing Committee of the County
Council, and at Ruthven a competent
physiciat,, matron and staff. It must
also take the Grand Jury an extra day
The report always says everything is
O. K. And still the Grand Jury to
‘asking*for~ more ‘fees owing to the
high cost of living. They could eaally
have ‘saved a nice little bit for, the
county by cutting out the junketing.
Yours truly,

COUNTY OFFICTAL.
March, 12th,, 1918.

PANACEA

You will get your full,share of
eggs.if you feed Dr. Hess’
Panacea regularly.

Eggs are High
'Panabea is the same old price.
Sag € SOLD BY

E. F. DARBY'S

HARROW = ONT,

<

Anes ty

Income

Easter

Because Easter is a little carly

let tt get-ahead of you.

Cards.

this year, don’t

It will soon be here, so

comein and pick out your Easter Cards.
We have a nice selection of

Easter

bos oo a

 E. F. DARBY.

OPTICIAN
NOTARY PUBLIC

DEUGGIST

Cards.

HARROW
STATIONERY

 

 

 

Our 35e, SPECIAL BLEND COFFEE now
CHALLENGES comparison.

It is superior to many Forty cent coffees and as

good as many fifty cent ones.

It has numerous -

cordial friends, delighted with its results. -

Ground daily. A flavor of it’s own—
—is why its salés have grown.

FH FERRISS

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
_ Phone 5

HARROW

 

New General Store

The Oddfellows’ Corner, Harrow, is the Home of our

2
‘

New General{Store, open on Saturday.
We want the people of Harrow and Colchester and

surrounding district to give us a call.

= Everything at close Prices.

A. MICHAEL

HARROW

4

A Plymouth Rock pullet, owned by
Thomas Yérex, a South,London gro-
cer, has made a new record by laying
a number of eggs ‘Weighing a trifle
over a quarter of a pound each.

Arrangements are completed for the
issue of war. badges “@o officers: and
men gischarged under certain condi-
tions from the Canadian Naval Ser-

-

?

Tax

tl

iN

“—ale of war saving stamps for the

United States finally has reached $3,-- _
000,000 a day.. This sum piovides the —
treasury with about one-tenth of the ~

entire amount being expended by the
nation forthe war. Whilé it’ repre-
sents but thres cents a day for every.
person in the country, "tho entire cost
7 the war {s $0, cents per capita

ay,

Forms

Are now available |
Returns must be filed on or before 31st March

For

ment, or both, is provided.

; Dominion Income War Tax Act requires “you to fill in one or more

_- J} thesfive special Forms provided before 3ist March, 1918.
* gssist the public to understand just what

ps each be is given pe ae

. form bed its your.case them in;

Read carefully,

false statements, &

and all widows or widowere

$1500 a year or more; must fill

visa the

fan aod

funeral took placa 4

Wednosday  aftérna oth.

odiat chi
Darial

‘securities

of.
to aa a |

In order

is required of them, information
then. get three

penalty « of $10,000 or six months" .

copies of the

 
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
    
 
  
     
   
   
     
  

   

LEGISLATIVE NOTES,

The Legislature's Committee on Fish
and Game, which met Friday, favo
an increase in deer hunters’ licenses
from $2 to $3 per year. It was Also
agreed that hunters should be allowed
to kill two deer instead of one, 6
open season for moose south Of the
Cc; P. R. tracks will be from Novem,
ber 1st to November 30th, and north
of C. P. R. tracks from October at to
November 30th. It was suggested t
the bounty on timber wolves should
be raised from $15 to $25 on Account
of the large number of deer killeq by
them. A motion was introduced in-
creasing the resident fur dealer's lic.
ense from $2 to $10 and for NOD-regj.
dent $26.
Will Pay Newspapers Their Fulj Rates
The newspapers of the Province {p
which advertising in connection With
the greater production campaigns js
placed are to receive full Advertig:
rates. in future without any eduction
by brokerage agents through Whom the
advertising is placed. Hon. T. Ww, Me.
Garry made a statement to this eect
at the first meeting of the Public Ac-
counts Committee last week, when
Sam Clarke, of Northumberland, asked
for the bringing down of accounts jp

    

 

    
   
    
     
   

_ -KINGSVILLE.

 

 

LICENSES "TO op Stuzoll COM URY PRESENTMENT.
SANDBUCKERG CAl CELLED | _ | erano aur :

ed in
srg To His Lorship Justice Lennox, of the} Fred. strong, who ls emblre vf
Delegation Returried From Toronto King’s Bench, Presiding Judge at| the laundry here, m
Well Satisfied With Govergment “

hey
tford Inst week, T! :
“the Court of Assizes, for the Coun- ae ST anfah houge on Queen
Assurances.

ty of Essex

street. a ’ r, of Col
May it pleace Your Lordship— Mr. and) Mrs. gorse A Me aPaAy
Your Grand Jurors have in accord-| chester, visite fonite cnlctibore a:
ance with your instructions made an | last with Be allele, Lake Road,
examination of the public institutidns | and pare es S
of the County of Essex, and submit the atety ‘Harry Bowles have en-
following report:—
We find the Court House and Gaol

Wsted with the aE ae
he Ro.
and the Gaoler’s residence exceptional- | ranch is v teal to train. Harry
yr d that the | Dave left for } ed soldier. After
ly well kept. We recommen Bowles is a return ree eens
Turnkeys be provided with a ware joining a Toronto bates ‘pet te
suitable and private bed. Oxing an to the front he contracte eo
Pecomeneauem of the Grad Jury tn] fod was invalided tome and honorably
r, , the Coun Sou! charred.
have installed an electric pump for the Oa ae caused the death of pene
purpose of pumping as for aa ae Wright, of Kingsville, a ee He
satisfaction, consequentiy the evatiarr | Dies, Wednesday nist 0
conditions are very much improved.

a right.
as $2 years of age. Wrig
aie veel known in Kingsville, and
We next visited Hotel Dieu, and when taken ill two weeks ago can
cannot speak too highly of the condi- removed to the W indsor hosplta 'y
ryin tions -extsting at this institution. and of the Kingsville council.
pape 5 a different medicine for we find there are improvements being
disease, for they all come through made for the betterment of. the pa-
the one trouble—bad blood. To cure tients
any of these troubles you must get -
right down to the root of the trouble We inspected the Home of the

   
 
  
 
  
    
  
   
  
   
     
     
    
    
    
   
  
   

 
  
   
  

purposes. The carcasses will be
fn cold storage in Toronto. It
is stated that beaver flesh tastes much
“[iike young’ pork. :

A committee of three has been ap-
pointed by Director. General. McAdoo
to investigaie the finland and coast-
Wise waterways of the United States.
and advise him as.to the best means
of putting them to advantageous use
and. solving transportation probléms. | 40C¢es they received.
Tho canals of the country and the | . Owing to a delay in the arrival of
Soastwise Mississippi and Inke traffic | thelr train at Toronto, the interview
will be considered. Work has already | ¥ith the Government could ‘not take
been begun by the committee, which | Place until after 12 o'clock.
is headed by Major Genera) W. Mj On behalf of the Government, the
Black, chief of engineers of the|Hon. G. Howard Ferguson, Minister
United States army. of Lands, Forests and Mines, received
- — the delegation. Lambert P. Wigle,
At a conference held between Dr.| member for South Essex, was expect-
J. W. Robertson, representing the food | ed to introduce the delegation but
board, and the Federal’ Minister of} was out of the city, and W. T. Easton
Agriculture and Hon. J. E. Caron, Min-| of Leamington, performed that duty
ister of_Agriculture for Quebec, the] in a highly satisfactory manner, €x-
former made the statement that the plaining very fully the destruction
S | Federal Government will give $60,000 going on at Point Pelee.
———— EO to Quebec and the same amount to Alex. Baird. C. E., who made a sur-
MA. JAS. S. DELGATY. Ontario, with a view to encouraging | vey of Point Pelee, produced a blue

ELE. No. 4, Gilbert Plai M an immense production of foodstuffs. print showing the large amount of
.R, No. 4. Gilbert Plains, Man.

   

     
    
    
  

 
 
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
     
    
 
   
   
   
     
  
  
 
 

 

The delegation. composed of repre-
sentative men from Leafnington. Mer-
sea and Pelee Island, that waited on
tho Ontario Government last Thurs-
day and lodged a protest against the
destructive operations of sandsuckers
both at Point Pelee and Pelee Island,
returnéd ‘well satisfied with the assur-

   
   
    
   
     

   
     
    
   
    
     
  
 

To Cure Common Ailments the
Blood Must be Made Rich

and Red.

Nearly all the common diseases
that afflict mankind are cansed by bad
blood—weak, watery blood poisoned
by impurities. Bad blood is the cause
of headaches and backaches, Iumbago
and rheumatism, debility and indiges-
tion, neuralgia, sciatica and other
nerve troubles. It is bad blood that
causes disfiguring skin diseases Tike
eczema and salt rheum, pimples and
eruptions. The severity of the trouble
indicaies how impure the blood is, and
it goes always from bad to worse un-
lesa steps are Promptly taken to enrich
and purify the blood. There is no

    
      
    

 

     
     
     
    
   
  
   
   

        

     
    
   
   
 

   
   
 
  
   
  
     
    
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
     
  

     
    
   
     

      
     
   
    

     
  
    
    
  
    
   
   
   
    
   

  

     
   
   
   
 

   
   
    
  
 
   
   
  
    

  

 

     
      
          
   
      

    
     

    
      
    
  
  

  

SANDWICH.

    
   

    
      
   

  

       
 

      
 
   
   

   

 
 

  
 
 

 

   
   
   
  

 

   
    

. sich, |COnnection with an item of $18,000 Dald
Friendless, and we would recommend The case of Stier vs Sandwich, to McConnell & Ferguson, advertigin,
Nova Scotia will get $39.000, New| land that had disappeared from the Withee te ‘oon Re that the building be enlarged, as we Windsor and Paki 3 railway brokers, of. London. ig
“In the year 1910, 1 had Verzous Branswick $25.000. Prince Edward Is- } Point since the sendsuckers had been purify and enrich the blood and the {fund all the available rooms occupied | was settled out ot court ee ae ee
Prosiration in its worst form; was [land $5.600, Manitoba $25,000, Sas- operating. disease disappears. That is’ why Dr. |4! Present, there being 34. inmates at|F H. Steir, Oe 3 = ‘auto| Lt-Gen. Sir Arthur Currie, writing
+4 right from 170 pounds {katchewan $25,000, British Columbia After Mayor Wigle, of Leamington, Wilifmms’ Pink Pills have cured thou. | ‘the time of onr visit. Sutherland, nurse, were Mn n{to F. B. McCurdy, states ‘that his
Teduced in we ight from 170 poun. $15.006, Alberta $25,600, had dealt with:the case, Wiliam sands of cases after other medicines | We also inspected the House of Re-|\tthat dropped into an excavation o
to 115 pounds. = | Stewart. clerk of Pelee Island, explain-!* vero.
The doctors had no hope of my i

     
  

health was never better than {t }

Si a | Re . | hea nag
spoons eek, eee th et rall-| yeen this winter, ang denies that he
way. was ¢ Je ue m “3 ce .
no lights to warn drivers of the dan-|4ked for a furloug'

   
 

 

* riday was the last day on which ap-/| @4 conditions prevailing on the island. |
Teeorery, and every medicine T tried AeateTe recounts col be fled ;He produced figures showing that 1,- s. crivers af th ee
proved useless until ¢ /rieed induceZ with the generai eturning officer, W. | 220 boat loads of sand had cleared [near the town of Napanee gays: “J | Mrs. Kennedy. We find that this in- || ger. . The oc nts of tl Ff

me to lake Praila-tiver’, F. O'Connor, K. C. There, will be re | rom Pelee Island customs alone cae

cannot praise Dr. WilNams’ Pink Pills | stitution {5 nearly if not quite self|were inju id the auto da
Ib ae counts of the soldier in Brant | Year, whieh did not include that clear-|_ *
epan to mit Himost at onees a ae m =

pg [ito the ext of about $75. Terms of!
‘oo highly. I was verymuch rum | Supporting, In making inquiries |/tto th tha SL i coal
i i Southe Renfrew and Queen's: Price (oe trom Anierstbare: He showed | down: {a health, sufferey from fre-| amongst the inmates, we found them | settlement were not givon out. -F. W.
and after using this fruit medicine Edward Waland. Co). Cockshutt. wi ow the land on Pelee Island was QuOME Belly Of tadigeetion: Ge eee eee pastes metilauent ware. ADL gi
for 3 or 4 months, I was back tomy oo dete ed by Jol € Haroid by the tumbling jrto the take. roadways hay- | 22° = 5

Pelle, ot indi ‘ Procrastination is the thief of
normal state of bealth dier volte wn: a recount. tn | ing been destroyed. James White, (224 sick’ Leadache. 1 had mW punt of $1,201 of 4

iI stroye : ¥ corstant pain in my head and my|H t | health: Keep yourself wel] py
Inever had such good health for % lar the Union: | are of Pelee, also presentedin S‘TONE Phousework was a source of dread. In jrecelved by Dr. Flock. and under his | was. awarded Geo Janette, E x the timely use and help ly
y'years as I have enjoyed the | ist candidate, who wae : se Sveitisod ee ; fact 1 felt so miserable that Hfe held | supervision {iis Institution is giving | county constable. at Sat Bae at :
twenty years as I have enjoyed the asked for ssrecouni fers Sher ot Point Pelee Lite lt ttle enjoyment. I was advised | general saisfaction and’deserves unj-| tthe Supreme Court in Sandwich on| ae A
past six years. We are never without talk of a recount-of sol: S4ViDE€ Station. who. was present by} | vergal support. 3 Saturday ction Janette brought} } : ‘

< = . I did, and the result was simply mar-
a xpizined that three years ago;
JAS: 8. DELGATY. sGutlon:="Janele was. arr

4 ind tion of the Dominion Gatare ee try Dr. Williams’ Pink Polls, which LRalleasel E
‘ 2 Pin ¢ 7 = — i ve - oaeminst chiga entra Valiway, | oh
a box of ‘Fruit-a-tives’in the house”. | xorth Essex. amar aoe San best’ betacuoene In following out your instractiona in aiileeto a =p nie ‘ifelow Y hy eed ° i
_ a Ss, - os = os oe » wefailieging false arrée ant tis ; vag i
: Taria MPP. wasn elected | legac ly new clation was erected it |p, Saying that they made me feel Like | 207" Address 2 ie Sr, LR ab pe a
Se. a box, 6 for $2.00, trial size 250. =a Jor Le M.P.P.. a Lode ot | NHS Placed halt way from the east and ja” new woman. and fuly restored my | yc“ resonmend 10. th 1 alta on of knowing something of the,
At all dealers or sent postpaid on orang Master of = = | Weet Inkes and 200 feet from the wat- ded ear|
: : Br range ; nae ;
receipt of price by Fruit-a-tives al tsa a _
against Mim | eS cid crerpehore In bart, 25e,

had failed. Here is proof of the ag the Town of Leamington, and
power of -Dr- Williams’ Pink Pills to ; foun everything satisfactory under
cure. Mrs. M. Stills, who resides | the Very able management of Mr. and

 

    
  
 
  
    

    
    
       
   
   
      
    
  
  
 
   
    
   
    
    
   
  
   
   
       
     
    
     
     
   
   
  
     
    
    
  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
    
   
    

 

 
 
  
  

  
 

      
  

 
 
 

  

  
 

 

 

  
  

 

Bartl PCa; the
We alsovinspected the Tuberculosis | Bartlet = “ A §
ospital at Union, sind we were well Damagés to the

 
 
   

   

 

   
  
 
  

      

 

 

    

   

  
  
 

 
  

health. I would advise every woman | COve™ment at Ottawa that all aliens | *0

. 1 ma. 3 JUstier, The Point had been so reduced | a jsuch as Belgiang. Russians. Italians, | ;
back from ov s. The Deputy! since then that’ the station was now | gua etn who bas poor: blood, or 4s run

ited, Ottawa. Grand Maste Major D. Sharpe,

;down in health to give these. wondeg- conscripted for military and agricultur-
jonly 70 feet from the water. | “| irae:
— — SLP.P., is overseas. W. 4M Fitzgerald, | n. Mr. Ferguson s= ft to be tad ted ae eign for

e of Toronto, was reelected Grand Sec} understood that the sympathy of the| ar tne rat ois that the blood ja | Military sérvice as the boys who are

THE EcHO { relary, “and James Fy Harper, Ot Hst-| covernmantawds -e rely . with, the! ou, of order take Dr. Williams’ Pink evens oliaur, country.
Publishea ‘by ilton. Grand Jreasu Resolatlons | aims of the delegation, and - stated | :

: mii wore adopted calil 5
THE ECHO PRINTING CO. Limited,

: 1118 he ; We your Grand Jurors, beg leave to BY-LA W No =e
for conscription | © weeks before, all licenses for | ee tn, wage thes aleedy dnipraya- 3
of all t
Amherstburg, Int

} > to be lew . ment they makein the a te, Ith |draw the attention of the Government
ep Tabor, in the country to be | the removal of sand fromthe vicinity | 7  abpetite.shealth'}

 
 
  

 

    

+a] purposes, In our opinion they have | 2 Ic
;&8 much right to be conscripted for |

 

 

    
  
   
 
 
 

 
 

     
  
  
  
  
    
      
 
 
  
 
     
  
  
 
   
  
  

  

 

  
  

 

  
 

 

 

 

 

  

  
     

 

 

  
   

 
    
 

      
     

      

 

     

 

   
  
  
   
 
  
 
        

; = and spirits. " Ca 5 is | t0 the fact that owing to the increased A
need f mipire service = ; aor Nor Point Pelee and Pelee Isiand hed 1 tka ae stadt, pea are Ler , hotel rates,“and the increased cost of | A Bye ae te praride aa (ecto at the conniiine Munbioallis the este
JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH, ral aed y sits 0, yeti j been cancelled. The difficulty was}, 56 cents a box or six boxes for,living, that it would be adyis ble to Two Thousand Nine Hundred and Sixtyssix Dollars and thirty-four cents for com-
President. Sec-Treas. Cee eg Ongh a esta med | 2st the Cadwell Sand Co. had been | $959 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine j!acrease the per diem allowance for Br serene:
- - f provincial homes for returned | given patent for water lots, which | co. Brockville, Ont. ¥ théGrand and Petit Jurors to at least Wh lepayer of the Township of Colchester South assessed
FRIDAY, MARCH 15th, 1918 t ‘eal depurtment of the Goyern- ra eee oo $4.00 per day. We would also. recom- in tme ¢ i f the said Te lp What the said Crosby
EE ment had not been ablé to overcome. So a ia mend that the Petit Jurors of the | Dra was rots iMvaentr ee ¥. fo ie ay
Hon. John“ Oliver, Minister of Rast: new House of Commons, w jit they could be shown bow to proceed bac Cinenoe nudes | Present seasian receive the increase of {the peace A te r ING Tokintaiene T as ‘
miata? nae teen ertealtare been |owil t on Monday, March 18th, is | ta p the sandsucker out of business : j Salary as made in the above resolution. And whereas, thereupon the said
chosén Premier of British Columbia ind one that is quite Ukely to make a|they would quickly do so. The Min-
succession {0 the late.Premier Brew-| great deal of history. While

procured an examination to be made

  

  

i All of which {3 respectfully submit-4/>¥ 4
there is ister promised that. the Government| Must'Hve Permit to Engage in Trade { e :

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
  

 

~ dd etent for such purpose, of aS Said area
TOpPOS¢ed & 1 for the drainage thereof, and of other
york After May Fifteenth ted. lands an mI Municipal Drainave Act, and has also
ater scarcely anything In politics less ke eee continue to work on the He 2 4 (Signed) THOS, PLANT, prociten ps ry jirainaze Work to be made: By the
: - ly than that the two wings of the Lib-|and-in the ‘meantime an engineer ; j Forenian said ab ze iy him @ ines ands and roads
il rould - ving cs = - 7 be bi sand rosda br =
C. 8. MeGilil eral party shall get together, at least | would be sent upsto co-operate with Following the Smuonncement— that Dated at Sandwich March 7th, 1918, | {j,0°,P" lon of petete OuteE Mane ss
Canada Food Board, until the war is over, we do not re-|the local éngineer_in securing data; the wholesale grocery trade would be ba 8 ey injuring liab WE be ‘
Washington, wher gard it as at all unfortunate that the|and a thorough grasp of the situation | brought under license system by April
in obtaining from ;

food adm tration release for ship-
ment to Canada of canners’ varie
seed sweet corm grown in the United

 

rived or ficurred In consequence or
Mion of jot, the said assessment “so
ow enacted to be assessed and levied

 
     
   
 
 

o Such drainage
membership is made up of a clear ma-| for future “proceedings. Hon. Mr./18t the Canada Food Board. on Fri- TOMMY. ATKINS HARDSHIPS,

jority of men who |} been Literals. ; Ferguson promised to furnish the data |¢ay issued regulations govéfning re
If en after-the-war ment time | showing the history of granting of

or Jot,or 7
Eby this by

rts OF Jots,
have

 
 
  

nate being

  
   
 

 

 

 
  

upon he roag

  

 

   
    

 

i ( e lifter in that half spectauy set form
tall butchers, retail bakers, retail pro-| “They put me In barracks,” wroteon sala ‘crane ae Dale eae ‘ewTian ii respect tbereot, “and of the 1
comes in this generat e, at least, | patent and licenses. « [duce merchants. retail four and feed {young soldier to his parents: “they ae i :
States hope fora s8ttlement én Hberal lines.| It was brought out at the conference | Merchants, retail fruit and- vegetable | took away my clothes and ‘put me in| Tothe Nees
Frank A. Simmonds sarathat Russia

   

 

Windsor, Ont., Ortober 30th, 1917,
Nell OF the Township of Colchester South;—

With your instruc tions, Tohave reeo

C ¥ Drain iin your Township, dated AUgst Sth,
as fellows

Jeei My Susver at Ihe pp
mre Gf Lotiy2 in the are
down Stream to its

anid Municipal
eres er oes 2 . leNUeimnanyaIn corp
Meanwhile, the first business both of |that one of the original MeCormick’s | dealers. and yetail fish dealers. © On| khaki: they’ took away my name, and Hentlenmen-In compl

oN iA 16 you on, ith
Canada and its Parliament is to go on|on Pelee Island, secureds a patent and aftér May 15th, it willbe illegal | made me ‘No. 575 ; they took me to ji

port there:

a by ye Y I cony
with the war. It promises to béa long |for a water lot for the express; pur-| {or any person, firm or corporatién to|church, where I'd never been before, con
and wearisome task. But to falter is| pose of keeping sandsiickers

from |ngaze in-any onevor rore of thege|and they made me listen to a sermon | Mad in th
to lore all. Gentle
ment, “@arry On’.

  
 

is the biggest. &ingle
pean territory whi
to invasion and
Homan Empire fe
in the second cent

 

 

 

  
 
   

idered my report
S17, and nowere- +4

   

    

id OF the sal
Moession, Th
outlet in the Wiehmond br

    

 

Orain on The east side of the
Ice T followed the course of

 
 

s The said cr
en of the Govérn:/ Operating in the locality. At his death.ptrades without a. lcenze from the |for 49 minutes. Then’ the parson said: | hth copevcde,
: he Arne |

 

    

 

 

 
   

  
      

      
 
   

 

  
  

 

 

ain near the North side of tte — 4
1 Koad in your AOWNAanIp, F
mor, ‘ = * a = Food Board, “No. 575, Art thouyweary, art thou lan- Vfl HON this araph was last linpr ved undér a p y Alex. Baira, GE,
oe SE Tee ye aeecended ee ete Tho regulations*make it illegal to}guid? gnd 1 got seven days in the ae ranean Since that time it fas be ly up, with sedimaei?
rh ‘> . Z 2 “ 2 because I s rere si Sin Sp eeRe condition, it ts’ noteteap h Or of snmue ny
ene ake whith afterwards disposed of {t to an-|@eal in food fof the purpose of un ere because I answered that I fra? 7eteain and carry. off the ‘waters from tee ands and + sand wad dnvenuns to"
mi} ane [ONTARIO ESTIMATES other company at ten times the price {retsénably Incréifaing the price, re- | cefta! ba LE Screen e inceMlgte ce! ‘
oie FOR. 1919 PLAN FOR | paid for it | Stricting, supply to monopolize or at- “ALL THEYsGOT WAS uUST Me.» |ana Jaan Mreqeg rt py wuts thus meat rainage to the Janis
: pit 47,610,121 EXPENSE| Ifa Canadian, Company were oper-| tempting to monopglize any food pro- Improved 10, %dceardance wi
e ret re Sees jating sandsuckers.in American terri. | ducts.
‘ yeas

 

  
 
  
 

 

i, deepened and

ions,
hw iikhway Dridres—one when,

Iraiorosses the 5th Con. Rawk
SIS provided for ly sub.

 

P also
a 4 e Harry Lauder, who has just come] wil dra
‘Some Items are Considerably Reduced,| tory and carrying it piecemeal to the | Destruction of any food which ig ft

| : 3 for human consumption is nade anof. from France, tells in the American ;
j Canadian » side, Washington would tr * ba “| Magazine of a visit he paid to a hos: .

ars 5 ie a“ eae | soon be heard from and thé question j feuse. 2nd as in the case of wholesn}- Ba. Pr p a T alte
1,341 fore Than F ‘J

ne 1 pital in France, He said:— fallowing,
j Would become.an international ane | eT#. no retail desler may knowingly “The Huns do not know of such A! Cllarging
Year—$5,000,C00 Provided for De-! with serious possibilities. The agita-| waste, or wijfaily permit preventable

COMPAS
sary Ws bu

 

and spe:

Aid that it wil} bens
& Tuesd

b 4th Con, Wh

  

      
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 

    

bese") Section 1 of Section
ach of the’ following wners js-ent f

mpensation Lag damages fy |

 
      

Itlei.tol and should receive the
éled scheme, |

ni
ae

 

     

    
   
  
 
   
  
 
  

   

 

    
         
 
  
 
  
     

 

 
  

i ‘nds aud crops (if any) and for
word as mercy. In one. of our hos- é ay Damas . F
velopment of New Ortarlo. jtion must therefore continue to end | deterioration n connection with the pitals.” I found a poor fellow whol We veal - a mT % a
i to run wild | _? i} the Menace to Point Pelee and Pelee | storing or sile of food. 7 + ffad-one eye and half his face bloiwn | 4 Alex. oStinwty ow 1s op 25 00
giving them | Estimates of ti Province of On-| Isiand The regulations also provide forthe away. When he talked hig mouth |. 1. Brush, owner Gens 4 re ne
In-order for |tario, tota)ling $11, , for the fis- | SS display, of the- Ncense number .on all was so hideous it was’ dificult to| i Strauss La AG 2% bot ph Gon, 4 18 00 a5 un
F cal year -ending pene 21st,. so WILL. INCREASE Fad oer bore Tee eee te look upom him. Tt sickening to] 2. (saree ca A : ey sian ae te
oa em. | Were tabled in the Legislature on ° }4 eports as en a such | paze at the poor ‘creature, any ACS we 10 Op 35 00
tik do ae aay: )The proposed expenditures are Zocn ry. Ru WOLVES , form ps may be required by the Food “Yet, when | asked him -how he] ~ = ae 1" apy F ia op >
- eicribe +7 i — iR - yy i - ma 1 , = Oy r
be Watie summarized as folio a. eer E | Hoard, $ had -recéfved his injuries he tried t Vay n my etna) 338 Provided for@thde: Sub- Seu 1
: ot : seem ausat._ is Civil Government ..? $1,163,700 | Te bounty on moves Ig to be, In- | The schedile of license fees provides ake Pans told aL oe a Sh, FEMS anicipal. Prat 1. SAGE SUD Seu O
a aarp ee oa piddleton ly aefalation 328,700 |creesed by ithe Legislature ae fs jfor a minimum fee of $2 when the an-} 7,3 : [har a0
ides EB nte eat care.” |}-© } 7 Sar Bion in 2 encourage ntors
: Fo HS aes pe eas Administrafion of Justi 797,860 | 0 Jn order to encourage hunters

   

 

Ihe what ofthe
“It was’ a fountain pén that dfd for - Which i
E over dae xceed $20, 4 “ PAG in atte
Save Sf ».590,332/80d trappers to exterminate them eyes veo paar ancients id me,” he said. T was one of the first . Therefore the
peal by Dr. A.B. Whe | Education apace e ~ 5'599-460 | Tae bounty on brushiwolves {s to Bid s very additional. $20,000-per"annum or |t° Feach a trench’ that the Huns had cinality. tn genera} as
stock, Onts against’ a| Public Institutions —.... Pood. Ol meréascd: from $5 to $15, and on tim- | ¢,. ce ihevnot teres "4, [dust vacated, and looking down on the | #!gcheu.
a costs imposed omb-him |Aericulture ......, -« ¥,029:448 1) 1 | traction th

ation and_imr

cast of an

 

Sothern With the sam vf
daiay éxpenses, as" phe
nds, nog and the Muni-
Whip of Sarth, priv

  
 
 
  

    
  
        

   
      

 
 
  
    
  
 
  
    
      
 

 

 

 

 

   

  

      

 

  
  

     

  

 

 

 
      
  
 
 
 
   

 
 
  
 
   
   
  

 
 

    

         
   
 
  
  
    
  
 
  
    
    

    
   
    

  

  
  

 
   
  
    
 
   
  
   
 

 
   
  
   
   

 

 

       
     

 

  
      
    
    
   
 

    
    
   
  

  

    
  

 

 

       
 
   
 
    

 

 

47,950

t £3100.00; 1 a FAMINE ands
g and roads for outle Nability, anda the . charge the ‘said 1 =
was just me!’" Ot} lands ana

arainst said lands
arred

oA at 1,325,
From September 16th, 1916, t0 Septein-
Light Machines to Carry Driver and} ber 20th, 1917, there’ were eighty con-
Total .s + $11,610,121 Machine Gunner. F victions against standard hote) }ic-

ary of the present year, in ‘compari-
son with $12,581,954 in Febrpary, 1917.

/Two aenalorships which hava been

 

 

d
ra ju vee ons ENE or
trolled by The etl Ting Iability, MOUDE eh

le Municipality, and fdr coe
An average-reduction of 30 cenj.’, | O16 mer cent, per am mM. the following

> schedule of ents hereto
F would th x
tion 95,000 | P&F Wolves from. $15 to $15. The mat.-! : pee: Sele foo Of a ae ee aad fo. see al at the exponie Waris he Kept up! ant maintained, 7
tion for a° pint See Ler twee s take: b Re ‘i ~ onntain® pen hinking to write’ to Proportions hers ot va Toprowamnont anihdn the
n pon for Hees Hospit and Charfties,.., 631,763 i Gaeaeh tos sen Ad inthe. Hea ay IsTANDARD WREC RK Tie acr oer my wifevand shildren with {t, I stuck | “ude Aeon fa mi rl ial Dratsag near} * Feport of an engineer
a bis he § e F rie Krat ] iv p B 5 H 3 aaa a? < OG while Fully submittec Pe R
alcohol was consumed before the mah pote cite ai lie - hn 270,198 | *Cek. and the increase, niet with Bens i hi i oa fa ate ttn eT pulled ot { + Se ella Fs J. 1. NEWM
3 i SOvE mm je =10, = 5, ian te ag F laving a minute’s time, I pulled It ou Colne Nor anin 11 «Jd. NE’ AN, C ’
arrived hoth } Public buildings 197,360 | 2H! @pproval.* The committee en- Observing, Law Well, Sayg the License an TRGLa WEE iis ce an whig D “Ahi Gounell are of opinion 18 the drainage of the area descriNea
3 Sonat ARREST as 1.016 : 4 64.900 |Gorsed_ 2 surgestion Uiat *huntera be Board Annual Report. P, en I} Therefore dhe ni¢ipal c j ‘
Canada’s net débt Etuod at $1.010.- Public works 27... Soe: 164,90 allowed to take two deer instead ‘of Ls 4p woke up I was as you see me now. It | POrsuantito.the provi Te Counell ofthe sata Township of. Calches
780470 on Febrasry 28thvdn increase Colonization roads _........ $0,000) cre upon payment of a license feo “On the wholé the public is recoiy.{¥83 filled with-dynamite, that fountin St. The ald report, wine spec need Drainage Act, enacts as. follow eet South
ae . 951 96% The = Sie = . i d iho re v- aoe _ Spare na opte: N68. Orainiew werkt. . ns, Bssesaments d estimates
Teter reve aprin og sar ay ae of PubllcAligh-< 79,620] Of $2 ‘Insthad of $2. -Thé change {ting satisfactory service from standard Pat Fee Poislga ae ee ug Constructed mec ruatee therewith wren indicated and set ‘forth Shall bose Reet ;
hoes GH - = Ai op tea AR RT ag ogg agn | favored as means of increasing the} hotels? {sg the ing of the Ontarfo ~ < pind ¢ & our. man 2nd. Tho Reeve of the Towns : oe
on February. 28th was $1,996,393:359. Gamo and fisheries... neg 88800: Hey supply, and is possible"by treason Te os souidictitees fa hatcarevaet But I'm mighty glad, sir, that they: | credit of the eamoration Ue the sala Toe ot Colchester. South may borrow on
Total assets were $985,612,889 Total Attorney-General’s ?#Dept., : of. the increase in “the number Ofilion the: oparation of the Oaterie Tem-| ¥ere fooled im one respect at least any aN Ning Muni and Sixty-six Dollars ‘aj MWirty-tane SU) the sum of Tee
War expenditures for ‘the eleven miscellancoug .:... sain 5 285,200 deer jn recent years. The committe! perance Act for. 1917 “The .averaze | They probably expected to bag half 4 ee "3 for am Ww pid may A ts boing the funds
tet d a % ~ are 6 7 i > eC I i) 3@ Act fo i average 4 2 4 i y r SU mheration to sing ount
was. $20 840588 avenues Site ae ss area 116,570 | #0 Siproved’ an amendment to make | tendency,” the report gbes on to say, fate Pe sou boys, but -all they goj ee sald Debe uth int hin 10 Sears from the date
=07; 626, Sears rte ney Renopeess ¥ A nde SS ‘ = 5 “ahd 5 5 * Wn equal ar aymeEn: un Der annum, .
Yucrégne.: In February, 1918, the rev. Provincial Secratary’s De- ae RR ied for* fur dealers |}has bee towards improvemen: rat er “Crippled beyond description, suffer Barrpw, and to have attached to the DaVabie at the Inpenee hens.
enue was $21,225,872, as compared with partment, migcellanédus.. 331,170 ' a , Pe. than deterioration. At the time of ing the agoniex of the damned hisona lina oe For paving the sum ofa V OF interest. :
® = $17,513,473 in Fobruary. of jast year. | ued Forests and Mines... 1,047,760. oe 2 rn ats mesting of ty Legislature the number consoling thought was ‘all they gat | and roads for uti Than :
Z en r 1 x st eerie FOR TANKS SOON of these hotels was estima 25, 9 'Y §0
Expenditures on account of consoll-}Refund account .......,.2.: 104,500}
_ dated fund Was $11,232,497 in Febra- ) Miscellaneous expenditure...

 
 
      
 

rates, shall be

   

 

ton In the retail price of nll anthys. -
Amounts.to be voted In several cases

 
   
  
 
  
   
    

  
 
  
 
 
    
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
    
   
     
  
   
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
  

  
  
    
  
   
   
  
    
      
    
 
    
  
   
    
     
    
    
    
 
 
    
    
      
  
  
 
  
  
   
  

  

 
  
 
  
       
     
      
  
      
     

distribution of all coal for { saath

he year be- » : Pe er
While persone in possession’ of all the ye

and Leeds ‘in favor of Sir iomas 000,-for public institutions over $100,- i om

‘ -

Canada Temperance Act territory dur-
ite; when’) the two seata_ were | 990, for agriculture $10,000, for col-

ginning the first of Df.
the facts naturally are retictent, be-

   
      
   
      
    
   

    
  
     
  
       
 
    
      
   
    
  
     
  
 
 
  
     
    
  
  
    
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
   

a OSS levied and 4 3. OVér and
7 Ume a4 other taxes he sam
— onsees and 28 dismissals as.agalnst|coal sold for domestic use haters and parts of iots and I the amount op om and from the engi

F he year 1918. For|.,~7/¢88 the central powers get start-| 3.135 convictions of non-licensees and | next. April lst and September Jit was | one tse t 4 respectively stats, S844 total sp
Vacant in Ontarjo since the death of | 2*° less jaan op 5 re duction | 2% Stortly on the long looked for drive | 594 dismissals. “This indicatos,” the | announced on Friday night By athe : Dart s iH. levied and collected ay are
Sir Mackenzie Bowell and Dr. ‘f. s. | ¢{vil MbO foe tapas, 5.000, for | BSainst them when they start over the {board comments, *that the chief source | Fodera) Fuel Admiietren ies NB OF this -b rn oresald,
Sproule -will be filled-beforé Parlia-|! $20,000, for legislation $2, “6 oon: top a new and hitherto unsuspected | of offence against the new law is not| with regulations governing —
Ment reassémbles. John Webster, who} th® administration of jucticc, $40,000, ophosition in the form of a Ford tank: | from Standard hotel liéensees.” in
retired from the flea in Brockville |f9r ¢ducation slightly Jess than $40,-

  
      

  
   
   
    

     

 

    
     
  

     
   

    
   
     
     
   
  
  
   
    

 

    

    
   
   
  
   
    
     
 
  
   

      
    
    

  
     
 
   
    
   
  

 

&xt month. The gat
ing the same period there were 101] rales are designed P8lHonlarl . ee ss 8
; onlzatin and-immigration $2,000, ioe cause ho project his not recelved the! convictions and 17 dlamlesale Yan} hoarding and jnsure the ‘Alling or OWNER oe 2S ag
> amalgamated, fs practically certaln to miintenance atid. repsérs of Govern. | cial fanction of the. war depart- The total revenue from fines under! ail domestivé heeds’ for next winter eS st “tt
7} de'one of the new appointees. Two ment buildings $4,000; - ment, it is understood on unquestion- | the Ontario Tempérance Act was $134,- dyrng thé summer months. Ze 25 = Se
names are mentioned jn connection For hospifals and charities there-is able atthority that the Ford otor | 702.49, and with fees for standard ho-}] ~—The following APyeared th’ the 25 55, aS
with the other. They are Col. Muinol- fan increase; the amount for general Contpany is.to produce light “tanks” | te} Hconses, sale of confiacated liqdor, | legal column of a Toronto paper: “Jo| aR. Mele 5 oa Ee
| land of Durham, who retired from the hospitaln being. $276/000 for 1919 ag |" “Me Use of the United States and Cte, this is brought up to $192,531,84.|.A. T., Esquesing —Our Aiseasor ia: as. | Anthons . i ws J
ial fleld to make place. for Hon. Nv W. apatite $199,000 for 1918 a its allies on a wholesale scale. The Municipalities have recéived revenues sessing the holder of Victory bonds for a on + :
©  . Rowell at the last election, and Lieut,+} 4*' ee ae eer ay first model, drafted less than two days| in fines up to October 3lst Jast-under|‘income” Has-he a TEA to do so? 5 so
Co}; William Smythe, former M. P- for] HOGS GAIN RAPIDLY ~ a ‘ago, 25 sald to be’ well under constrac- the Ontario Temperance Act of $305,-| Ans.—The Assessment Act says: — 408 Gg
= eo, who pas peta overseas! — ON GRAIN AND PASTURE ota. and nar its Fim are ac; (486.76, making the revenues of pro-|'All income derived ‘ 1849
rf some time past.” There are. ati), Seer -| ceptance e Govérnme heir
© two senatorial Vacancies {n the wer:

  
     
  
 
    
      

vince and municipalities nearly half
8 million dollats. .”

Greater sobriety as a result of the
Act is shown, the Board says, by a re-

duction of 2,738 in commitments for
drunkenness. if

el
out of Ontario by an; Se ene

in Ontario, or recel¥aq {
or on behalf of any eS,
out of Ontario, shall ft Hable to tax.
ation, subject to the fo)

ons: (1) The incom powing exemp-

if
plus funds in a rogiotiveg pio ties

While pasture crops are a_ yain-
able substitute for grain feed for
swine, they cannot constitute the en-
tireration {s rapid and economical
gaindiin pork production are Sought.
Tho extent to which forage can be
used to replace grain for growing and

manufacture will bo pushed with alf
specd.’ It is ~ éxpected tho first of
these “tanks” will be ready for silp-
ment within the noxt two months.
The Ford “tank” is to be a compara-
tively ght machine, carrying a. driv-
er-and a machine gun operator and

33

 

j ein British Columbia and one {n
Mickatchewant The name of J. G.
» Tarriff, M. P. for Assinibola, is men-
in connection with the latter,

the vacancy may Rot be filled un-

A
2

     

     
   

    

     
    
   

PPE
e2s

    

-
a

     
 

22 ma
==

 

=

    

 
    
     
    
 
   

    
   
  
   
 

   
      
  
   
  
  

   
    
  
     
    

 

    
         
     
 

     
  
    
  
 
 

 
 
  
 

 

G
: 20 ST
A now order, intended to produce | society’; (2) the official {ncome 2G. Wright 1 36
fattening pigs depends upon the aize | driven by two>gasoline engines of uniformity in railway embargoes, has | Governor-General or tho Lieuten, Arthor Martin 227” ins Z
7 jand ‘condition of the pigs, kind of {standard type. It will have the famil-} just been issued by die Canadian Rail- | ant-Governor Of-the itovince; the ‘pay | Total da Tegiy oes ae a

© jforagé,, Umno of marketing, and rej-| {ar caterpillar typo of fraction. und} way Board. Heretofore it has beon the | of officer OF irivate in the army| oti —_2 SIND R800 Ker Ts

stint | tive market prices. . | white not intended for the heavy work custom for each individual line to use |or navy, and Gny persion, snlary,| [oad in centre of fog ae mo a
or Sides, Cons Foeding trials with hogs on pasture done by {mmense British and French |ity own judgment in: placing embar- | gratuity or stipend doived by any per. ‘oncession saartisev-7000 . gree fo
Joints, Urinary At the. Ohio Experiment . Station} tauks’ at the front it 1s. expected. to Goes, with the result that one line has|son from tho: Import.

Gravel?: You will*|showéd that itds sometimes advisable | PT°v8 an exceptionally effective. ight-

refused shipments of certain com-|tho Income of any p Sontry.-and
box bélow— |to limit the grain if

no ‘high:protein [98 machine... — , ee
Tiree 2 sane 2 5 725 09. 92:
te, leupplamen 1 eee a fal Se c CHILDREN - |new order notides mesve that em.| the sueome soe “stock held ood be lenis Fer bavi ta sui of PAE 34 the am
gs | aulred more -reod per unit- of» : van bargoes - now, if |, _ necessary, | perso ; , ote Cie
MQ: |itian b throe-fatirthe of | —= oe should not foclude certain commodities |the income of which {% lino to & !
; j Dram : : P. 5): the income from «

    
   

    
 
   

min th
modities, while another has: accepted | or military services; 8 Daval

+ (3) the j
consignments of the.same goods: The|a farmer derived from. fils tae ‘ot

  

 
 

   

  

     
     
   
  
 
   

 

   
    
  
 

 
 

i Monday, March 4th.
Gouncil met in‘regular session with

 
   
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
  
 
 
   
    
 
   
   
       
      
     
 
 
  

   
  

  
  

 

n Fis|
tore all members pesent, ;
CON seg The minutes of list regular meeting, ; :
B also te | wore read ani, on motfon of Messrs. Sm nHBRnWaao Fay
lowed ibe . McLean and Dealippe, adopted as (nj a atl ak He

The - y read... f pera 4
ot the Yo # eee ee ae a BS pe i re
ovem. ee, wash eslippe and chers asking fora ditch
Nort  — Ou to be construcied along the south side
lat ta Cah more of the 6th con road.
1 that 1 1 iC i : : Moved by Messrs, uguay and Bar-

uid ft th net, that the prayer o 6 petitioners
0 i \ be granted and tha) J. J. Newman be
nd by 0 S or e same mone authorized to go over tho said area
| in. t ; and make out a report and an assess-
8 lic. 7 because we've mad th Cc f . mont on the lands Mable therefor,—
: ‘ e : , Carried.
rea}. Of e Comfort Soap bar bigger for the same The Patriotic Soclety of Colchester
ial 7 in money. ‘course the new bar’s wrapper is not good for RRS BS dg oi il og

} i re, 1 - and also for the Mer Settlement.
A Ht premiums me war at least—but that makes war-time saioved by Messrs, MeLean and Bon
{ onomy po ; day, that the futriotic Societies be

8 r economy possible in the shape of the bigger bar.. rantGAC $d earriod: Vise : ie
ction ¥ Mr. Bondy was authorized to look = Se

vhen

_f) =
a
=
&

is admitted to have “enormously the

8 | i

paid i largest sale in’ Canada.’”’ Why? Sheer

sing ie merit. Nothing else. It washes beautifully
ib —it last.a long time—and so of course its

ne ; friends last. If YOU haven’t used

Comfort, try the new, bigger bar to-
day, you’ll be glad you did.

has
he

Pugsley, Dingman & Co., Limited

Toronto

of

3S.

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
   
  
  

Auction SAte B
: UcTI on 0. -o-= ton, Colchester’s portion of Long »
= or— : Marsh Drain Extension; $81.60 to J. J. : Touring - -
= Farm Stock, Implements, Ete.) © —— Newman, $50.50 fees in Vincent’ drain i Runabout - oon
| and $30.50 on Quick. D. & W. drain;’ Fs WF ts Is
chore will be sold by Public Auction at | By-Law to provide for Drainage Work in the Township of Colchester South, in the: $3 to Charles Fawdry, shovelling snow ‘ ye ay Coupe - - - 77O
Lot 7, Con. &, Colchester South, on County of Essex, and for borrowing on tho orodit-of the Municipality the sum of /and fixing a bridge; $25 to Loraine : no wo Sedan - - - 970 :
MONDAY, mane 48th, gers : pets Haiisesd ur ele ge Thirty a be Bll the same. Klle, grant to Patriotic League: $25 Chassis - - $535
The following:—1 McCormick Disc; vrovisionally adopted the 4th day of February, A. D. 1013. to Mrs, Gordon Fox, gran 2 -
= sassoy-Harris 2-horse Cultivator; 1 Deer- t | rlotle League; $28 yeas THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-ton Truck 760
td ing Opitivator; 4 12-foot Harrow; 1 Hay Whereas the majority in number of the resident and non-resident owners (exclusive | wood,- d tag 5th ane . ;
Fork (new); 2 Sows due in May; 4 Cows: | or farmers’ sons not actual owners), as shown by the last revised Assessment Roll, of »- damages on Sth Con. drain; F. O. B. FORD, ONT.
{ Mull; f Helfer; 4 alae goming: : ihe property hoy einatter set forth to be benelltted by drainage work, that 1s to say, {$24 to Wm. Affleck; $1 to Silas Brush, 6 Me De , G 7 P “
. years, mare; ic c y constructing a tile drain along Queen Street in the Village of Harrow, have petition- | agsist! tr) A . 4
7 ; 1 Mare coming 6 years; 1 Black) ed the Council of the said Township ofColchester South prayingstuat the lands on the \arain: $72 Tae os bs es here U
y coming 7 years; 1 ‘-norse Riding | Kast side of Queen Street in the Village of Harrow, from Munger Avenue to the Philip - i ROTIAS, oGill, bal- EMP FURNIT RE CO Dealers Amherstbu
i 1 Bay Mare comiig {3 yoars old,| Ferriss Drain, may be drained by means of a Tile Drain. ance in full on Bailey-Affleck drain.— ( °y 5) r }
supposed tg ae ba Siete mines Bel. : pence wenoresy; Roe eoE OR the sald Council oe procured an tlie ce be made | Carried. 4 F H BRAN
Salo to Degin M1, § De y J. J. Nowman, being a person competent for such purpose, of the sald area pro- " TON D l HH
e TERNS—AL sums at or under $40 cash; | posed to be drained, and the ioans suggested for the Pralnaso. thorsor, and of other | Moved by Messrs. Deslippo and Bar- J s > ea er, arrow.
r over that amount 8 months ‘credit on} {ands and roads Mable to assessment under tho Municipal Drainage Act, sad has also | net, that council adjourn.—Carried. ff %
° furnishing approved joint notes or 6 per) procured plans, specifications and estimates Of the drainage work to be made by the ——
cent. per annum Off for cash on sums en-| sald J.J. Newman and an assessment to be made by him of the finds and roads to be -
. I , , Malden Council
N titled to credit WRUIRCDUBRY, benellited by such drainage work, and or other Jan is yand Foads Mabie for, contribution en Council. = a —_ SORT D7 SE
5 SLANK & ATKIN s J | therato, stating a8 nearly as he can the proportion of benefit, outlet Ii y and injur- £ ; ; - <
i oe quctioneerse + Proorietor. tng ability whieh, in bis opinion, pill 6 derived or incurred In, Cansequence or such “Monday, March 4th. THE SOLDIER'S CHANCE.
fi @ work by,every road and Jot, or portion of lo 6 said assessment so made} Council m F pt: ewer y we eee} "
, = Dojog, the assessment hereinafter by this by-law enacted ‘to bo assessed and levied upon members winent ine nithdtes ‘of sant If your voy goes to the front:

: drainage work being as follows:—

 

 
 
  
   

J —OF— Windsor, Ont., Ocwher goth, 1917 i +
. stoc) Im lements; &e., To tho Reeve and Municipal Council of tho Township of Colchester Soutt— 3 adopted as read. ‘ killed.
Farm Stock, P Bs Gentlemen,—In compllaues With your Ynstructions, [have made an examination, | Moved by Mr. Bennett, seconded by|‘ He has ninety-elght chances of re- ;
L there will be offered for sale by Public} Survey, report, etc., of the drain petitioned for by Thomas Vincent and others, and now Mr. (Martin, that the following bills be | Covering from a wound to two chanc- SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS, >
= Auction at Lot-N % of 8, 6th Con., An- SS ee oe at the Philip Ferriss Drain/on tho East side of Queen Street. pald:—Ed. Burns, $2.70, for 9 hours’ | °S of dyAng. 1 5 ; . ' i :
derdon Township, on Thence I followed along the East side Queen Street to the Northerly side of Munger shovelling snow on the 8th con. road He ‘has only one ‘chance in 500 of JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALD KINDS, DOOR SASH,

   

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20th, 1918 | Ayenue, in the Police Village of Harro’

: Tho followin: 2 Sorrel Mar 2 and 1 find that theré is at present a 12-tile drain from the Philip Ferriss Drain to a) ¢or 4% hours shovelling snow‘on roads He will live five years longer be- > pS
| . , 13 year Ba oint about 722 feet south théreof at the catch basin near the line between the lands of 4 . ,
13 years Old; 1 Bay Mere: ait, Fe en aoe ee and W. He Ferries, From the last mentioned point 10 the Southerly side | at 30c por jhour;. Eat! Martin, $3.90,{cause of his physical training. - RUBBEROD ROOFING, {i35.

 

Horse, 10 years; 1 Black Colt, 2 yours oO}
2 Holstein
Holstein Cow, 2 years old;

‘ S 3, 2 years old; 4
ait 8 Oxon i= rt about 1 month |quette Railway are Nooded with every amall freshet

old: 22 Small Pigs; 4 Sow; between 300

and 400 bushels. of Oats
fleld; 1 Binder; 1 Mowing Machino; 1 Hay

 

  

{ T

rows + "{ set Wagon] the accompanying profile and specifications,

  

‘Top B :/4_ Roller: 2esets Double Har-
ie i dal Single Harness; 1 Standard | accompanying profile.

C Separator: Barrel Churn; 2 Water

 
 
 
 
 
  
 

articles too Numerous. to mentio
Sale starts at 1 o'clock P, M. sharp.
TERMS—All sums at of under $10, cash;

over that amount 10 months!
r 6| tioned, then the Township will pay to
furnishing » approved joint notes or ~My estimage. of the cost of the whole or the

     
 
  
   
   
 

  
 
  

tived to credit. ee
CLARK & ATKIN, MRS, GEO. FERRISS,
Auctionoers, Proprietress.

   

  

hereto attached.

   
    
  
 
 
  
    

A cT ALE the expense of the lands and roads heroin assessed for its construction, and in the pro-
U. 1ON S portion, herein contained until otherwise determined by the report of an engineer undor élling snow On roids at 30c per hour;
—OFr— the provisions of i Municipal rein apace RTTnI oa : inca
Accompanying this report you Ww nd a copy o nis report, plansvand spec: -
Farm Stock, Implements, BOs | tions for the purpose of securiie the approval of the Railway Commission, shiuld it be shovelling snow on roads at 30c per
2 _——— .. found necessary to.secure’ sich approval before the Pery Marquette Rallway will con-

struct.the drain under their tracks.

Thero will be sold by Public Auction All of which 1s respectfully submitted.

at Lots 46 and 47, 6th Con,, Gravel Road,
Malden, on
THURGDAY, MARCH 2tst, 1018,

The following praperty;— is desirable.

   

in Coal. by Sullivan’s Djack Percheron; > 1
Grey Shire Mater 10 years old, vi by
Sullivan's black Rerchoron; 1, marche constricted In accordance therewith.

Nusties"”, 8 ands years old; 1.“Rusty”., Ind The reave of the sald Township of Colchester South mua: | far Go I :
5 : ' . a y borrow on the vornment tile drain loan; Ever-
Ralted, 8.years old, good in all bar) wit or the Corporation of thi said Muntolpality. of-Colchester South the sum of Four] ott Pillon, $4.20, for 14 hours shovel®

of Colchester South for roads f
n the schedule of assessment | On road at 30c per hour and 9% hours

-| | COMFORT SOAP |

   
  
     
     
   

 

the roads and Jots, or parts of lots, Noreinafter in that behalf specially set forth and
AvucTION SALE described: and the report of the Maid J. J, Newman in respect thereof, and of the said meeting were read and, on motion of

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
    
 

Cows, fresh, 5 years old; 1) 6f Sinasac Avenue there has been “ tile drain constructed, Dut thrs Jast mentioned | for 13 hours,shovelHng snow on roads

{ Cow, due first} drain so Shallow and so poorly Iald that it, In fact, is of very little benefit to the | at 306 nef hour; Frank Pigeon, $5.26,
ce,

? intended to drain, and a8 a consequence the lands South of the Pere Mar-
sVearling | lands it was intende > i iq pti lenis {ie7PTI5 hours. slipyéliing:: snowon

In order to overcome this dimculty, ana thus afford\proper drainage to the Jands|townline at 30c por hour; Wilburn
‘Cornfodder Inj and roads affected, | would recommend that @ 12" tile dra!
catch basin near the line between the lands of Gordon Arne

v Planter; | catch basin at the Southerly side of Sinasac Avenue, and a 7“ tile a
pe heat ee Disc Har- | from the last mentioned point to: the northerly side of Munger avenue, all a3 shown on Mickle, $69.75, for.

5 -S ha; 1 1 further Nnd that it will be necessary to constrict a dain under ‘the tracks of ‘
Springs; 4 Hay Rack; pair Bob-Sietg tho Pepe Marquélte Railrosd with 12° sewer crock Jald in concrete, as shown op-thg:| Pet hour; E. A. Patton, $20.90, for 103

{ estimate the cost of constructing this portion of the drain at the sum pf $150.00, | road at 30c per hour; F. W. Patton,

Fe .etc,; Colich; Stove; |1 estimate the cost of constructing 12° farm tile drain for the same distance at >the
{00 chickens LeaaNy Dex Gmisny other | sum of 813,80, making@s. difference in cost, the sum. of $130.20. . This Just mentioned eae for 283% hours shovelling snow |
4 amount I have’ assessed against the Pere Marquofte Railroad Company to.pe borne and FOU river front rogd at 30c per hour;
contrbuted by it in-case jt does not exercise its option of constructing the said drain |/Hilton F, Mickle, $60.46, for 20144 hours
within @ reasonable time qnd without Unnecessary delay,

credit on Should the Railway Company Bee TT a eben men- | 399 per hour; Francis Mahoney, $5.85
‘ 30. , » $5.86,

4 ove work, together with all inci- | for 19% hours. shovel!
cent. per annum off for cash on sums en=) Voi oe except, the Pere Marquette Railroad crossing, ts tne sum.of $419.30. toads at 30c° per nodes, “Byrd. Piper,

Of this amount I have assessed the lands which are benefitted by or use the sald drain
a5 an outlet, with the sum of $286.00, and the Townshi, $10.60, for 7144 hours shovelling snow
with the sum of $133.30, as is more fully set forth

  
 
  

1 would further recommend that this drainage work be kept.up and maintained at Laframbolse, $17.40, for 68 yours shiov

) And whereas the said council are of opinion that the drainage of the area described | for-in

    
  
   
   
   
 
 

a id, Therefore the sald Municipal Council of the said Township. of Colchester South, -
HORSES—Grey Shire Mare, {1 years old. tS the provisions of the Municipak Drainage Act, enacts as follows: on roads at 30c per hour; Charles Beet-

(Signed) J, J. NEWMAN; S F.’ Millen, County Treasurer, $43.81;| (25 in the United Statés and living in
rest 6n ‘county rates; Earl Mc- ea, sp sent et axed by both \
Gooey $1350, fo ~’ | countries. @ Canadian law applies
yee for 6 hoursighovalling snow to all residents of,Canada no “gee During convalescence,
ist, Tho sald report, plans, specificatio ssessments and estimates aré hereby | ham, $814.82, for Government tile |ttey 4° Canadian citizens or not. It -
: does not apply to Canadian citizens and when appetite (ags

ddopted, and the drainage work as herein {ni ted and set forth shall be made and | drain loan; Louis Rodidoux $405.41

{ Clyde Mare, 8 years old; 1 Perch> Hundred and Nineteen Dollars and thirty cents, being, the

lf, coming 2 yours oja. la
SATTLE—{ Jersey Cow, 12 years OW. | thatramount:in sums of not less than Fifty Dollars

 
   
 
  
  
  
 
  

: 1 Jersey Cow, 4 years old, fresh
Jersey Cow, coming 4, fresh; 4 Jersey Co
coming 3,.tresh in May; 1 Jersey Helfor, | fo areas.

coming 2, in calf; 2 Jersey Heifer Calves, ard. For paying the sum of- $160.00, ths amount charged against the said lands

3 Jersoy, Helfer Calves; | aig roads for benefit, and the sumvor $126.08, the amount charged against said lands
the amount charged against said
8 and roads belonging to or con-

coming { yeur old

| Jersey Bull CalGet year old (all register} ang roads for outlet fiability, and the sum of 8..... j

1 Grade, Durham Cow, 5 years Old,) janay and roads for injuring Mabilityy apart trom lon

       
   
  
  
  
  

(all-registered Horned Dorsets).

hor Side; 4 registered Tamworth Sow dUo) one epart. shall be assessed.
now: registered Tamwortl Hor, f one such, part.
CHIGKENS—60 pure bred Barred Rocks, | have to run:
bred-to-lay strain (cash), ~ '
MACHINERY—1 ‘7-foot Massey-Harrls
Binder; 4 Deoring Mower, S-foot cut; 1
V¥-Harris Hay Rake, 10-foot; 1 Mas-
Sey-Hirris Dise Drill (new)); 4 Cockshutt
Roller “Corn King’ Manure Spreader; 1
Deore Corn. Planter; 4) 2:furrow- National).
Plow; 1 Wilkinson Plow, No. apt Frost &

 

Value of
Benefit

  

 
  
  

Woot Ph » 18s 1 Ridin w, Fare —_— ~~
mors Fr 1 Mier; 1 pair of Iro $15 00 $1 00
pra 41 Dedring 16-plate Disc wi 16.00 3 00
trucks; 4 12-plate Noxon Dise; 2 2-horse 30.00 7/00
wWostorn Corn: Cultivatora; 1 Land Gultt- 15,00 { oo
F way
; MISCELLANEOUS—1 3-1 tire Bain 40.00 15.00
a Wagon; {Waren Rox; 1 Flat. Rack; 4 Car- 20:00 © 8 00.
: riage; Open Buggy; 1 Top, Bu 2000 8 00
Phaeton Bugey; A hoad cart: 1/Gri — 100
1 Panning ; 1 Wagon Sc 0 2 Ae
Sisal heen tae oeune (00
s eas. (ong now); {
Double Driving {re san: 4 Chatham, He
Sharpless Cream.
tons of Tim ai
See ee a og a to at Lat 800
; i) See Mire 400
ey; 1. at straw; number of to-/ 7. B
Y potes and. Lasny pou brick; 26 Grain | im on bam aD

Spades: F. i + Crains: Te

Stove: Oak: Homer Mind other articles t00 |

numerous-¢o mention, 48 Wea Reta
Everyming’ will be sold without reserve, MM

to ‘to “ €4 ) Fes sincimeenes hte *
SSrenwean sums <otaten: Bde car mea tener meee +
“itnsbine proved. JOlnt ~~ qotaTon:Landa.and Row)#------/ =~ 4200.0
SFO paying, Covert
and for 60 ra

  
 
   

 

   

oY BC! ri

work not otherwise provided for, and may tssue*D

Value of

 

2} wee:

Outlet

         

    
   

entures Of the Corporation ti
each, and payable within § years | Howard” Gibb, 4$6, for preparing two

milking now; 1 Jersey-Cow, 12 years old, roo ins gate of tho, sald Debentures, with interest atthe: rate @t 6 per centum.per|tile drain by-laws; Arthur Collison;

annum, that is to says fn five equal annual instalments, sunh dahavtavev fo be pa 9
at the Imperial Bank, Harrow, and to have attached to them Coupons for the payment of, $16.20, for 64 hours shovelling snow

trolled. by the municipality, and for coveriog interest thereon for 5 years at t © | drain appeal to Referee, i
EP—1a Ewes; 1) Ram coming 2) ¢ 4 percent, per an im the following ttal spectal rates, aver. and. above at oinor The Clerk read LS Nine
9 i 6) | rates, shall be assessed, loviod and collected ({0 the sama. manner and. at the Sama " ication
PIGS—8 Shouts; 1 registered Chester | ying ‘as, other taxes are levied and collected) upon and f
White Sowiwith 7 pigs by hor side 4 month) ang parts of lots and roads, and the amcunt of tho said tot
old; 1 Duroc Jersey Sow with 9 piss DY 1 aesinstiesch lot or part of lot respectively shall be divided into five equal.parts, and | but he could for $100.
r jovied and collected as aforosald, in cach year, for} 19: Fi "
five years after the final passiog of this by-law, during which the. said Debentures ve

 
     
  
  

Liability

 

 

by

after the repsira to dock ‘hill at ol-
chester with power to act. Bog

Moved by Mesars. Barnet and Bon-
dy, the first reading of the Crosby Im-
provement Drain by-law.—Carried, and
by-law given first reading.

Moved by Messrs, McLean and Bon-
dy, that the 12th rule be suspended for
the despatch of business.—Carried.

The council then went into a com-
mittee of the whole for the second
reading of the bylaw with the reeve
{n the chair.

Nioved by Messrs, Bondy and Des-
lippe, that the by-law be given second
reading and provisionally adopted and
published in The Amherstburg Hcho
for 4-consecutive weeks; the first pub-
Heation to be_Friday, March 8th, 1918,
and that a court of revision be held
thereon on Monday, the ist day of
April, at 1.30 p.m.—Carried.,

Moved by Messrs. Deslippe and
Bondy, that the following accounts be
paid:—$3.15 to C. Richardson & Son,
for material; $28.20 to Edwin Wright,
\for shovelling snow; $10.10 to S. Bayes,
for pipe for town hall; $3 to Charles
Ford, for valuing sheep; $56.25 to Frank
Pigeon and $3.60 to Wilburn Beetham,
for shovelling snow on townline, being
half of cost; $5.23, to Frank Waiton,
balance ‘on Long Marsh Drain Exten- |
sion due Malden; $3,349.22 to F. Wal-

   
 
  
   
   
   
 
   
 
    

  
   

 
    
     
    

Complete Service to Ford |
Owners Everywhere ._

    

   

  
  
 
 

    

  
     
    
   
 

 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  

OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may
travel is something you appreciate, and being a Ford

owner you cangetit. You are always “among friends”.

There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations through-
out Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners
!_for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or.
motor adjustments.

The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of
the car itself. Nineteen of the most called for parts cost only
$5.40.* Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other
cars and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.

  
  
    
 

 
  
   
  
 

    
     
 
     
    
        
  

      
             
                        
         
      

 

 

     
  
    
   
 
     

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
    
 

 

 

 

 

He'has twenty-nine chancés of com-

Messrs.° Braun and Martin, were] ine home to one chance of being

WE HAVE IN STOCK. }

         
 

      
   
  

   
 
     

      

 

at-30c per our; George Sellars, $1.36, losing a limb.

   
  
     

He is freer from diseuse in the army
thaticin civil life.
He has better-medical care at the

front than at home.
be structed from: the
die: sonstructedane adh Beetham, $3.60, for 12 hours shovelling| other wars from’ ten to fifteen

‘ain be constructed |320W On roads at 30c Pi hour; Ross | ™en died from disease to one from bul-

     

Place your order with us and save money _

   
    

  

     

   
  
 

   

‘ Jets.
Salen er In this war One man ales "from dis-/

ease to every ten from billets.
‘This war is less wasteful of life
than any other in history’ in propor-
tion to the number engaged.
Only ten per cent. of the Cangdians
disabled for further service have been , ’
physically unable to engage in their >
formér occupations. If your boy is =
oné of the ten percent. the Govern-
ment will re-educate him in another],
vocation at which he can earn a living.
—————_
—Strong objections to the manner

{n which the income tax is working out
for many pedple living in -border
towns is being made to the Canadian
Department of Finance. Many Amer-
ican citizens who live in Canada and
work.across the line will ive to pay
double ‘income ‘tax. Canadian work-

  

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard +
AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

ling snow on river nt road at 30c

    

     
   

    
    

hours shovélling enow on river front

   
      
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
   

PEETEEEEEEEEEEE EEE EET EE EES TES ETS

    
   

      
  
  
   
  

shiovelling snow on river front-road at

 
  
   
    
 
     

  
   
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
  

with team at 60c per*hour; Charles

 
 
 
  

  
 
  
   
  

Everett Langlois, $11.65, for 38% hours

  
     
    
 
  

hour; Gordon Amllny $7, for 6 hours
shovelling snow on foads and 11 hours
p With téhm at 60 cents per hour; John

 
 
  

 

    
 
   
 

  
  
     
   
    
 
   
 
     
 

   
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
 

       
      
 
   
    
  
 
 
  
 
  

residing outside of the Dominion. The
American law, however, goes further
land applies to.American citizens no
matter where tliey reside: It is felt
the redress for Americans living in
Canada; who are being taxed by the
United States, ds well as the Domin-
fon, js to Washington, not to Ottawa.
The depirtment takes the ground that
residents of Canada working in the
United States, whether American citi-
zens or not, should pay the Dominion
income tax. No ruling has as yot been
made as to Americans who work in
Canada, but live in’ the United States.
The heads of a number of large Walk-

     
  
    
   
    
    
 
       
     
  
    
   
  
   
  

Funds necessary for sid iting snow on road at 30c. per hour:

  
  
  
  
  
 
 

WRIGLEYS

brings fo the hot, dry
mouth a freshness
and a soothing balm

     
  

at 80c per hour; Toby Kimball, $1.88,
for 6% hours shovelling snow on
roidg at 30¢ per hour; Rodd, Wigle &
McHugh, $98.75, for costs re Foucher

   
   
  
  

 

ntho. Undermentioned 1 from John Moynahan, saying that he
Papoalal Tapa randiorounel could not audit the books for $75;

  
 

    
 

   
  
     
 

 

 
  
      

           

 

Mr, eae, ia Cee By orvills-and Windsor “establishments that coaxes back the ‘.

SS | Blve 100. 1 ‘fo ; live’in Detroit. ery ’ ~ \
tp i i if foo ; as salary for nuditing the ‘i enthusiasm of health, a \
eg ee : aehe ae. Marti, that partes oe eee SALE ee pee ee

<2 45 |'mombers of the localBoard of : a. 2
SS E55 Bd S2g8 | Romber of the JocalsBoard of Hetlth | asm Stock, Impleinents, Ete. | _ Thousands of soldiers
& —Ca'
Se |, By-law was. given thénecesary num- a

   

th Europe have cause

Thera will bé offered for sale by Public
Auétion at Lot t, Con. 4, Anderdon Town-

 
     
  
  
     
   

ES.
iS
SS.

‘bor of readings and final! ed
‘adopted, © i “a cic Le

de coi

      
  
 

     
 
   

         
   
 
    
 

 

    

    

 
  
   
 

wo

ca rt a i i ; line, on ' —_ ~ get ee i

Bab 3B BR {2 haved by ME. Lanplol, atconded by) “russony, mana sh, 1018 to thank Wrigley’s for
65.00 1090 65°30 13 08) tonuers for pareRtee IO ei: The following: — Beh IG Keep your
ous 6.25 6 . r road scraping, four horaes ‘ ; . YOU
00 525 4 oe ‘for the big scrapers and three horses eee aia {Brown Horse, 7 Fouts pla t its tonic effect. P fighter

iss 1185 23t} for the eniall scrapers, tonders ‘will | Colt, 3. years old; 1 Cow 8 ond (milk- : Pes
aa 110 7M {TAD be recolyed up until. Saturda ing)’; 1 Cow, 8 years old, fresh about time 4 ‘ a supplied
7% 475 “Das} 90th day of 3 a1 eda, the fof sale; 4 Cow, 7 years old, freshened in = a

eee Oi f day of March, 1918.—Carried. January; 4 Grade Jersey Cow,.7 years old, r,

Ba mth j ie net Council! adjourned, . freshen about tat bid 2 Yearling Heifer »

epee S| oe oath ys Es 3 Calves; 4 Yourling ull, 1 Heifer chit, 2

AR RE eas” OAT VARIETIES TESTED.” | 7Uhs°-8 Stor Pigs, weighing sbout 100

40 4% :

 

“Big Fottr, Siberian, Silyermine, Im PNACHINERY ct Massey-Hareit Binder, 5
el S “Silyermine, Im- POHL Y fy res poy Ha -
proved American,’ Sixty Day, Graan | {oot cut, wath Shoat Carters 1 Ker ae
‘Mountain, American Bannor and Lin-|row tow: {Deo Mower, B-foot cut:
coln 4 Sylvaster Grain Drill, r4-hoo, with ‘Gtass

; Seod Attachment; 1 Western 2-Horse Cul-
; aN 3 i” Rak 1

bas seed! at. ) ¥/

I,

|

|
a

arts,

See

Sees
a
eB

=]

     
   
 
  

weak

-B2Es

|
&
|

ue
ge
UF
éu

Lid

MoT rat Racket
ty; 1 sot Hay’ Slini
Heol
   
  
   
  
 

   
  

 

 

  
   
  
   

   
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
    
 
  
   
    
 
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
      
  
  
 
  
      
  
 
 
  
    

 

Men's ‘Blue Serge Suits, in all sizes,
for $10.00, $10.50, $12.50,
$iedo, 81800, 920.00, $2250 and $25

Men's Gre and Brown Suits in all
sizes, from $7.50 to $25.00 :

Boys’ Blue’ Serge Suits in all sizes,
from up to $9.00.

Boys’ -Grey and Brown Suits, in all
sizes, ‘from $2.50 up to $850

 

MEN'S HATS

Men's Black Soft Hats from 58c up to
$3.00

Men's and Boys’ Heavy end Fine Caps,
from’ 25¢ up*to $1.75

PHONE uu

  
 

 

 
      
   
    
 
 

In White and Stripe, different pat-
terns, in all sizes.
BOG SUING fOKe eset, <a ee ci 39¢
MDG SMITE SOK towers elke eae s te 59¢

(for Saturday only)

Working Shirts made of very strong
cambric, in grey at 50c; black, 50c;
in blue and khaki, $1.00.

Flannel Shirts, in al sizes, $1.50

 
     

  

      
      
     
  

   

_ MEN'S SHOES:
Men's Dongola Blucher for..,...$3.00
Men's Gunmetal Blucher for... .$3,00
Men's Vici Calf Blucher, $4.00, $450,

$5.00, $5.50 and $6.60 ¥
Men's Gunmetal Button....... : -$3.00
Men's Vici Calf, button, $3.50, $4.00,
4.50, $5.00 and $6.00
Men’n Working Shoe, split leather,
$3.00 to $4.00
Men's Grain Leather Heavy Shown,
$2.75, $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00

Men's Urus Calf Waterproof, $4.00,
$4.50 and $5.00

BOYS’ SHOES

Boys’ Dongola Blucher, $1.50 and $1.75

Boys' Dongola Blucher and Button,
$2.50, $2.75, $3.00 and $%,00

Boys’ Gunmetal Blucher, $2.25, $2.60,
$2.75, $3.00 and $4,00

Boys’ Gunmetal Button, $3.00, $3.50
and $4.00

   

LADIES! SHOE 4 d low
Dongola Blucher, -heel and.
heol, $200, $2.25, $2.50 and $2.75
Ladies’ Gunmetal Blucher and Button,
high and low heel, '$2.75
Ladies’ High top
English style, French heel, $3.50,
and $4.50
Leger Gypsy Boots, high top, French
heal, at $3.50
Ladies’ Tan High Top, Nellon Soles,

" WISSES’ SHOES

Misnes’ Dongola Blucher, $1.65, $1.75,
$1.90 and $200

Misses Grain Leather, -$1.50, $1.90,
$2.00, $2.25 and $2.50

Misses Gunmetal Button, Cloth Tops, —

2.50 and’ $3.00
Misses” Button Patent Leather, $2.00,

$2.25, $2.50 and $3.00
Misses’ Heavy School Shoes for $1.25,

$1.50 and $1.75
Infants’ Shoes in all sizes, Buttons

 

 

Patent Leather, .

EVERYONE LOVES WEE BARES
Visit the Baby Department ene ee
at all the lovely new’ knitted ne.
There are the most adorable manne
and caps to frame tiny chubby ae!
and keep wee fuzzy heads Mirek
There are thumbless mittens for
grasping fingers. Leggins with ie
without feet, sweater sets, sacques .
wear in the house, every possible ey
ted article. They are all Se
the dainty.colors with white ee
and white with touches of color. e
prices are as low 48 25c to $4.00

LADIES’ DRESSES

d

Ladies’ Blue Serge, for dresses an!
sults, from. 50e up to $3.00 per yard

Silk Poplins, blue and black, $1.25 and

1.50 per yard

Bie Cashmere and Brown Serges,
from 75¢ to $1.00 per yard

Blue, Black and Green Broadcloth,
from $1.00 to $4.00

Shepherd Checks, from 20c up to $1.00

Plaids, all colors, from. 20c ta $1.50

per yard

  

 

Ladies’ Underwear, all wool, 80, up
to $2.50 per garment
Ladies’ Combination, from 766 up to

 

PREPARED

FOR LENT.

 

This store anticfpated your lenten necessities: and offers with confidence
a Jarge, tasty stock of

COD FISH
HADDIE

Cee es

 

 

CANNED FISH

PANCAKE FLOUR
Welch's Grape Juice in 30c bottles. Nothing finer ever offered

J.H-LOVEGROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont.

GROCER SPECIALIST.

 

     

 

TOWN AND COUNTY.
oe

—Ada McWare; reader, St. Patrick's
socin); March 15th.

=—G. E. Pulford and Herbert*Long
spent Sunday in Kingsville and Ruth-
ven.

—Good Friday is March 29th; East-
er Sunday March 31st—just two weeks
away.

William Rogers is able to be out
a few hours each day, but fs still in a
very weak condition.

—Follow the crowd for an evening's
enjoyment. St. Patrick’s social, R. W.
S. Refreshments. Admission 25c,

y —Mrs, Thomas D. Bondy, of Col

chester South, has been spending two

weeks with her sister, Mrs. Louis

Pillon.

—Come and have a good time at St.
Patrick’s social, St. Andrews church,
Friday evening, March 15th. Refresh-
ments. Admission 25c,

—Milton.E. Davis, of the B. M., son
of Mrs. James Buckberry, Sandwich
street north, left Monday for Georgia,
to enter-a.U. S. ambulance corps.

—Auction sale of household furni-
ture at the Hamilton homestead, Bath-
urst Street, on Saturday, March 23rd,
at 3 o'cleok p.m. Robert Hamilton,
Prop.; Clark. & Atkin, Atictioneers.

—The Hamilton homestead, Bath-
urst street, was sold to James M, Gibb,
Sandwich street, after onJy one_fssue
in The Echo “For. Sale” cojumn.

—Mrs, Frank Carr, is ‘#erlously fll.
Her son. Frank,:wio was notified to
report at Londdn military training
camp, is asking an extended leave of
absence until his mother canvalesces,
‘—Mrs. George H..Jonces and daugh-
ter Helen and Mrs. C. C. Kemp and
son Charles are spending a week with
their sister, Mrs. Joseph T. Schiappa-
casse, in Detroit.

—According to a new ruling by Ot-
tawfi, men who cre called up under
the M. S. A., but who would prefer-to
serve with the Royal Naval Canadian
Volunteer Rezerve, instead of on land.

. are to be permitted that option.
*—Those who buy eggs think the
price is far too high, but an exchange
quotes _ Farmer Contnsse) os saying
that eggs are so valuable just now that

“one of them almost pays for the feed
of the hen until it lays the next one,”

—Henry Robidoux, the cement brick
and tile manufacturer, hag,rented the
old Queen's wharf, and will have sev-
eral loads of sand and gravel stored
there for bullding purpose. The’ first
boat load is expected next week.

—The Brunner, Mond has purchased"
a beautifol’ Canadfan service flag
which “will float prominently at the
plant. Employees who have enlisted
for military-service will be marked on
the flag with a star and maple leaf,’

—The price of the London Adver-
tiser advances to $4 pér year on April
Ast, 1918. All those who subscribe
for this newsy daily through The
Echo can save a dojlar.on next year’s
eubachiption by paying” for it before
April ist.

)—Percy Thrasher left this week for
Beldow, Ky., to join the» American
ANtation Corps. He is the third mem-
ber ant of, four in the family of Charles
“Dhmsher to join the colors. Devere
“fits (been “carrying on” in France for
“gume ittme, was recently wounded:and
is expected home shortly. Orville has
tem “doing ‘ils ‘bit’ in. France with
the Canadian Expeditionary » Norte.
The Jourth manibér is Everett, who is
employed with ‘the Brunner, Mond.

—The guile and sleet atorm which
swept Lindon and the district wost
for mary “hours on Saturday -¢aused
‘thousands of dollars loss to the tele-
phono and telegraph companies. There

. have been worse storms by far this
winter, bat in none of them have the
telephone and telegraph «companies
suffered so severely. For the first
“. eo a London was entirely cut
on Windsor and Detroit by tele-
phone’ Sunday. 1t Will take several
days to repair the lines. Around Chat-
ham olone over fifty poles are down,
and between St. Thomas and ‘Windsor
ed stated that over a hundred poles
of wires went down before

sleet. “he :
4 shortage has ‘be-
evere that the supply in that

 
 

   
 

    
   
   
    
 

    
    
 
 
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
   
     
  
   
  
     
   
  
 
     
     
 
  
   

—Hadley Hall, Easter Monday, Stone.

—See Melvin's new Easter ties,

—Onions $1.40 per bush., at Brault’s.
Bertrand. is Soned to

—Lambert
the house with a heavy col

—All/kinds of pianos, organs, talk-
ing mochines, and sewing machines re-

paired at Brault’s,

—Miss Elizabeth Park spent a few
days Jast week with Miss..Elizabeth

Mullen, in Detroit.
—F. J. Stockford is

lot.

—A splendid square plano in per-
feétly good condition, worth $125, will
sel! for $50, being short of floor space.

J. J. Brault.

—Wall Paper.—The finest and Jarg-
ést stock of wall paper in the county
Lovely
A

of Essex, arrived this week.

cut-out borders, See my stock.

Horsley, Bathurst. Street.
—Incréasdd ferry

City of Windsor expires,

runabout, which) should
car price 1s $595 instead of $495.

—Eventually!
wood floors waxed and polished.
fine line of wall. paper.
cured “the services of
paper hanger. Gus Manson.
156.

tions,

—A Chineso laundry, if being open-
ed {n the Mailloux building, corner of
‘Sandwich and Richmond streets. Lo-
cal business history repeats itself once
three years jn Ambherst-

about every
burg.

—A fine assortment. of the
gerade Karn
lumbia ,Grafonolas ond records, >

Murray Street. J. J. Brault.

—Services at the A.-M.
Preaching at 11 agn.;
after morning servico;

m.; preaching at $°p.m
come to all
—Everett

Rey. S, Wire, pastor.
Daigneault and” wife,

P. J. Reaume,

appendicitis.

sicial in the
program is being prepared,
ville male quartét expected.
sion 15ch Refreshments.

—There was ‘a large attendance on
Thursday evening last at Christ church
Parish Hall to hear the Jecture on Bel-
The Jec-
ture and views covered the progress of
the Germans fromr Liege to Brussels
find proved very interesting and in-
structive.

gium by Rev. H. A. Wrircht.

—James A. Gibb, of

straightened out.

on. Wednesday,

 

returned

 
 
  
 

Rev. Fr.

    

tirely give out. by the last | Adolph

sek, and it is more thin prob-
tive tts
was. tho warnin, mud.

 

Park; Agat, Re

   
   
 

 

Se ae SS Sa a eh

—

preparing to
erect a frame two-storey residence, 26
feet square, on his Sandwich street

fares “when ,the
present franchise between the Detroit
& Windsor Ferry Company and the
have been
hitited at by officials of the company.

— In our last issue The Echo was in
error regarding the price of the Ford
have been
$575 instead of $475, and the touring

Why not now? Hard-
A
T have se-
a firatclasg
Phone

—W. S. Dingman, of Toronto, and
Geo, Smith, of Haileybury, members
of the Provincial License Commission,

were in Amherstburg last Friday; mak-|othep victim of typhoid, Lewis. Ren-
ing an inspection.of local hotel condi-

high
and) Morris pianos, €o-| not yet able to sit up, though il) five
OW
Willams sewing machines, at our new
music house in the Brice block, ‘on

 

E. church:
class meeting | whole town, .
Sunday school |
at 2 p.m.; Allan C, B..Legeatt at Pp.
Cordjal wel-|D. Banks, the champion chocker play-

of
Tilbury, spent a week withyhis uncle,
Mr. Daigneault fs just
out of St. Joseph's hospital, Chatham
where he underwent an operation for

—The Epworth League is-giving a
basement, of Wesley
ghurch next Monday evening. A good
Walker-
Admis-

     
     
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
  
  

Malden, who
sold his farm recently to George Lan-
gis, of McGregor, has purchased the
Henry Mickle ‘house, Sandwich street,
from Falls Bros., and will move to
town as soon after his gale as he can
Rot affairs
place 46 now
and wife.

—The W. M. S. of St. Andrews Pres-
byterian church will observe thelr first
anniversary
20th, in the auditorium of the Publié
Library at 2.30 o'clock.
Menzies,~ a
whose husband ja at the front, will be
the speaker for the afternoon. Every-
one cordially invited:
tion.

—At the regular mecting of tho C.
M. B. A. held Inst “Thursday night,
the following officers were elected:
Spiritual ~ Adviser,

sa eB

The
occupied by J, M. Gibb

March

Mrs. James
missionary,

   
     
     
  
 
  
 

Silver collec-

Ryan
eau; Ist Vice-Pres.
2nd Vice-Pres., An-
toine P. Resume; Financial Secretary,

     

 

organ, cheap, at Melvin's:

—Mrs. H. A. Wright and Isabel are
spending a few days in Goderich.

—The S., W. & A. electric railway
car leaving Windsor at 6 p.m. has been
restored. This is a very convenient
car and is always crowded.

—What about that made-to-order
suit? Be sure and go to Melvin's for
it. He isan expert at taking measure-
ments. Satisfaction guaranteed.

—Wall Paper.—Tho finest and larg:
est stock of wall paper in the county
of Essex, arrived this week. Lovely
cut-out borders. See my stock. «A.
Horsley, Bathurst Street.

—James Lacey sold the vacant lot
in the rear of hia property to P. J
Reaume, who lives acrogs the street
from there. Mr, Reaume will build
on thesjot the coming summer,

—The annual general meeting of the
Amherstburg Bowling Club wilh be
hel#*in the auditorium of the Public
Library next Tuesday night at elght
o'clock, All interested are {nvited 10
attend. By order, Po)

—Lieut: L, C, Wilsén, formerly of
the Windsor Mobilization Staff, has re-
turned from Wilkesburg, Pa., where he
has been visifing his cousin, Stewart
Button, . chief of the Pennsylvania
Mine Bureau. During his stay he was
entertained by the Pennsylvania C!ub.

—Catalogving of every transient in
Detrolt- and proparation of a. clasal-
fled index of evyéry one in rooming
houses and other sheltera. of the
transient population, is the latest step
to be taken by. the police in their effort
to clean up the city, and the far-reach-
ing plan will have the co-operation of
federal offici@ls as an‘ald to enforce:
ment of draft regulations and ogplon-
age laws, 7 ow .

—Hens at the United States Experl-
mental station at Lexington, Ky., are
to Thy colored Easter eges, All you'll
have to do after you rét your eggs will
be to place them in boiling water and
the color will_be brought out, accord:
ing to station experts. Laying of,col-
ored eggs ig to be accomplished; it Is
said, by feeding hens special dyes for
12 days. Yolka-of the eggs, itis al-
leged ‘become pregnated with color.
Twelve white leghorns are to be used
in-the experiment and the oggs are to
be placed! om display: -

—Amhorsthurg has to its credit an-

  

aud, son of Mr. and MrajJ. M. Renaud,
who passed away yesterday (Thurs
day) morning after ‘a short illness;
aged 17 years... The? Renaud. family
have been badly afflicted for over two
months, Mr. Renaud was only able
toyget down town yesterday (Thurs-
day) after being confined to the hotse
ten weeks. *Their daughter Stella ia

weckss Lewis was employed at, the
Brunner, Mond and becamio Il, only a
week.ago Sunday,/and now little Marie
fs showing symptomo of the disense.
|The family has the gympathy of the

    
    
   

—;Michael™Heenan, ex-M. C. R. de-
fective, playéd checkers with. B,

    

 

 

    
      
     
   
  
     
  
    
    
   
    
 
    
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
 
    
   
  
   
   
 
   
     
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

     
    
    
  
     

er of the United States,and ended the
game in adraw. Mr. Héenan ja spend-
ing this winter,at St. Petersburg, Fla.
He {s staying at a hotel’in St. Petors-
burg where there were forty” other
checkér players, During this time, B.
D. Banks, champion checker player of
the Stgtes, came to the hotel and chal-
lenged all of-the forty. This challenge
resulted in°a. checker tournamént
which lastd for two days, Marely 6th
and 6th. During this time Mr Banks
beat 24 out of the 40 players, the six
remaining. players securing a draw
with Mr.“Banks.*-The many {friends
of Mr. Heenan will be glad to hear
from him and to know that his hand
has not lost its cunning in the historic
game of checkers.

—There must be a special FProvi-
dence that his Amher-thurg under tts
benign care, or the whole town would
have been burned out at various times
this winter. Take Monday morning,
for instance, needle ica of a niost an-
noying type deacended on tho intake
pipe at 6,a.m., and housewives wero
withoutwenough water to carry on
household operationg. The ice was re-
placed by a weed nuisance that was
just as bad. Had there been 4 fire in
tho business section (which fortun-]:
ately was not the cise) the damage
could fot have but been sufficiont to
pay for a new Waterworks and. water
|for years to come, In addition to. this

  
   
    
 
   

  
   
    
     

   
   
    
   
 
  

 

        
   
  
   
  
    
  

     
   
  
   
  
    
   
      
    

 

 

      
   
  
    
    
   
   
     
    
  
   
      
   
   

   
  
   
  

 

   
  
    
  
   
  
    
     

    
   
   
 
   
     
   

  

is a -section of the town, the Third:

Again tho hand of' the special Provi-

—One Karn organ, one Dominion

   
   
     

   
   
   
  

   
  
   
  

 

    

    

     
     
  
   
  

   
    
   
    
   
  
    
    
  

     
   
  
   
  
   

 

  

  

good authority that the officials of,the
steel corporatidn have switched their
plans somewhatowing to the exigencies
of wur, and Instead of carrying onal!
department of city and plant building
at a bee Pe, Ay thelr usual mae
mode of operation will hurry forward = ears.
with all expedition the producing end me a ty Bi
sov'as to be in ;
their product in’the shortest possible
time, leaving
building -to follow up tater,
who ought to bb in
corporation assért that the plans pro-
vide for one
laid out cities on the continent.
S., W. &-A: cle l
neariy ali laid, and
‘March of ¢ar!
will bo, used.

 

family, who have spent the past month
with hi father; William
deprivation, affecting that part of the| left on Tuesday for their now field in
town where the pipes are frea, there|Champaién, Il) ‘This is one of the

Ward_-mainly, where residents haye|farence. Only
iad no water for weeks owing to do-| ered
mestic connections being frozea,,and|and Fire, churgh,
there in no relief in sight until warm-|mer H. Trinbip,
er weather draws thé frost from tie] years

nd. Tho property there: was 10} Eugene, Oregoy, were he laid tho
etter protected from firo tlinn the|plans
Most remote homes in the’ country,|of a church: 3 Bye aly Mary’

0

 

© that seems to ruln Amberstburg| church were almo
OR ee gi A
pe © general freezeup in’: Y there f
to” tha/ the firat: chu

i

and Bluchers, from 50c up to $2.00

  

 
 
 

  

~~ TINDERWEAR

$4.00
Ladies’ Fleece Lined, 40c to $1.00 per
garment

 

Linen & Towellings

Kitchen Towelling, from-140 to 25
per yard

Linen Guest Towelling, from 286 to
60¢ yard

Ladies’ Sweaters, in Blue, Black, R,

..Grey, Fawn and White, from’ $1,995
up to $7.00

Table Linen in different  patta;
: orn 26c to $2.25 per yard ys

 

 

 

 

—Be sure and ordor that Easter
sult in time, at Melvin's.

—Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Scratch spent
Sunday with*his mother, in Kings-
ville. Mrs. Seratch, sr., has been very
ill for some time,

—The Red Cross Society of Wesley
church will bold a social evening at
Mrs: Jud Smith's on Thursday even-

 

_

t

 
  

Si. Patrck’s Entertainment.

TOWN HALL - AMHERSTBURG

Monday, March 18th, 1918)

PROGRAM

    

  

 

    
 

—Duet aM s Ong and Mahon 3
ing, March 21st. nese int wavs e sR Laforte
—Rey. A. W. Tonge and daughters Dialogue. . Pupils St. Joseph’s Academy

    

 

i MES SOD, ciate sais Miss Belle Callan

Se fees ae Ie TT ten, $— preecatation © T Ite Echo” Gold Medal
ae eae fo Milton Cole. 6... cen wees

take the ‘Woodruff cottage, Sandwich | ¢6—tecture, ‘Ireland's Patron Saint”...
street. EN Ee anew Ap en - Rev. . Donnelly

Miss Marjorie Wilcox

T—SoO,....
First Act Drama, “Kathleen, or the

—Sergt, Gorion Colborne, jr., of the] ¢
U..S. army at Camp Custer, Battle Orphan of Limerick’’. a
Creek, spent a few days with his par- | 9—Selection... : Mes tale
ents, Mr. and Mts. Gordon: Colborne, | {)— orator
this week. ;

—A jury in the assize, court, Sand-
wich, *Tuesday. awarded James “A. |
Smyth, ex-License Inspector for South |

 

  

Second Act Drama. .
Curtain at 8.15

Admission 26c & 380. Plan at Denike’s.
GOD SAVE THE KING,

ene nEnEennEnE EEE EEEnEnEEIEEEEnEEEE Rn

 

 

  
 

1918

PAPERS

you may get your pick of the best of them.

Do not{wait until“everyone is too busy to

five you our best service and attention. Plan

Essex, the amount of $200:in his dam- BIRTHS :
age. claim against Inspector Meade, of le to do your decorating now.
Windsor, for $10,000. Houfford—in Amberstburg, Tuesday, Mareh

1 : March | 12th, 1918, the wile of Mr. Henry

—Wesley church Sunday, George Boulford, of a daughter.
17th:9.30 a. m., Brotherhood meets; |narrows—aAt Blytheswood, Thursday, March
10.30 a.m., subject: “Ingide Equipment ee AGiS; “the wifes a Mr, beonard

on . 3,0
for Discipleship”; 7.00 p.m., subject: Crosby—In Windsor, Friday, March 8th,
“Elements of Success”; - 11.30' a.m., i

M018, the wifé of Mr. A. J. Crosby, of
church-school and adult clasyes. All & daughter,

   

ae a a a ae i ae Soe ae a ae ee OR OO

  

 
 

   
        

 

 

:
Co
Come infand,see them and come soon, so that

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
    

   

 

 

 

 

. ° c Augh— nate Monday, March
these meetings are for the public. pa ose ee Ontos Oi MOnaey
’ . . ¢ Of Mr. Cavanaugh,
=The:"Gleaners”, a class of;young ae apatites OA Te ~ AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO. ’

ladies in Wesley school, were at' home | Clark—in .W fuori on Seiten 1 Bae

5 ; a 3rd, 1918, the wife of Mr. oy E
to oie frfends on dea emnine. clark, etasuentcr, "o >
A choice program of music and’ rea | Cooper—In Windsor, Tuesday, March 5th,
ings was presented, followed by games 1918, the wife of Mr. Arthur E. Coop- " S % 2
and-conteste, and 4 dainty ,Junch. The ete on SOREN i DE es Se t
Gleaners were heartily congratulated 1948, the wife of Mr. John French, of THE STORE OF VALUES
upon the, success of their’ first public 4 daughter.

   
   

venture. Fitzpatmick—In Sandwich ., South, Friday,
Felbruary 15th, 1018, the wife of Mr.

William Fitzpatrick, of sa son:

     
 

 

    
     
  

Women’s and Children’s,
for out-of-door w

       
   
  

  

    
   
 

 

   
  

     
   
   
   
   
   
  

ferred in Lake View cemetery; Leamington)
Monday.

    

-~Thg, value of narrow, well drained
rouds is well. dembnstrated throughout | Gardener—Iin Maidstone, Wednesday, Feb-
the county just now, Wherever the ru@ry 27th, 1918 the wife of Mr. Al-
roads are:well crowned and have suf- Gillan inion Meteo ara
ficient. drainage,’ they are <drying up 1018, the wife of Mr. Archie Gillan, of
fast, and as soon ax the frost4s out will) _ B caupeniers } rT
be in splefdid»shape*for traffic. Wide, | Sarditicr—in Colchester South, the wife o
“ Mr, Harry Gardiner, of a daughter.
mat dae Vo oper hand, ae at 1n- | Hendershot-—in. -Kingsvilie, . Sunday, March
escriba ass of mu slop, {Oth, 1918, the wife of Mr. W.. A.
which w4ll,be bad:for weeks)to’come. Hendershot, of a daughter,
=Dr. J. M: Munyon, who. made over j7°"** 510 Windsor, Thursday, March “7th,
7 dt oa ’ 1918. the wife 6 rE. is, Of a
A mnjliion doVars in patent medicines, daughter. on hi
died at’ Palo) Beach Sundfiy. ~“Dr.” || Lyons—In Essex, Thursday, March 7th,
Munyon 4p duoted ac saying that he | HO of Mr. Thomas Lyons,
had “virtuallysno apples except am- | Loop—in- Wheatley, Tuesday, Marcny’stn,
bition ond a bolic _in the value of ' 1S ibs ais of Mr, &harles” Loop,
” oF & daughter,
Lego ins tn vores to ths | MOSM eine, tues eprary
a 26th, ik e wife of Mr. William
he ‘attributes mich of his success. Hix ny Rte OF a Bon,
famous gestura with the index finger | N@ynahan—In Comber, Saturday, February
pointing upwarf for, abovo.lifs head, arn Ne Of MES Willjara
and the phragé “Dhcre.js hope’ be~ | Nicholson—in ‘Anderdon, Saturday, March
came’ familiar through newspapes ad gu, ENED he Wife of Mr, Carl Nichol-
a = son, son.
Vertising in many parts of the world. | xopjc—in Leamington, Saturday, February
—The Central Appeal Judge under rd, 1018, the ' wife of Mr. C. A.
tho Military .Servico Act, ‘has given |. Noblo, of a’ daughtor. ‘
the following general decision on spec} MONET, , ound south” “Thursday,
fal appeals that came up before him; S» Thorpe, of a ‘son. ge
“A iechool teacher in,an. elementary Yoakes-- -In Huscomb, Monday, March 4th,
school is not to be exempted because , far en Wile of Mr, Myrit’ Voakes,
of his occupatiqn.” “A student of the} minkins—at Glenwood, Saturday, March
Petit) Seminairé of Quebec {5 not, as veo Tart toe sure OF Mr. George Mil-
such, entitled to exemption.” “A stu- JOU Rate ag amington, of twin. sons,
dent’ who has worked’ on his father's Both babes died on Sunday and were in-
farm while not attonding college is
not for that .refison to#be exempted.” | —— ——
“An intention’ to study for the priest- a - =
hoo@ is not a,ground for exemption.”| ~ MARRIAGES.

   

  
  
     

  

“The merc fact ¢Ahat a man js engaged vachsope Green abt plevelatis, on Monday,
Sm ; “obrum 5 f8, MP Elmer Jack-
in {he manufacture of munitions is no son, of Cloveland, to Miss Grace Green,

daughter of Mrs.

Margaret Green,,
Amberstbur; Hess

  
  

ground for ee. It must atleast
appear that he 4s essential and cannot
be replaced.” — >

—No time ja being. lost pushing the Hill,
Essex ‘Termina} line. through “from

Ojibway to the\quarry. Steel has al-|qoon—cchaee REC st 5
ready been nid ther Canaed and the am "Saat a Man ‘Sth, WK,
big steel bridge over:that stream {s Wot tall, Pa Westeate,, Mr. ‘Josoph
about half completed. It will only be Wich Wests eve Churetitl, or Sand-
a et time me Ap road is ready | ———— — =
to haul stone from the quarry to the ATH.
site of the steo§ plant. it th stated on DEATHS,

Nenaud—In Amberatburg, Thursday, March

14th, 1999, at the Tesidence of hiv
father, ‘Gore Street, Lewisiienaud, son

of Mr, Jos. M. Renaud, aged i
*1 month 20 days. ea!

Scott—At the home of-her ne bew,
Walter Scott, Tuthven, " Satordey)
March oui, 1938, Miss Katherine Scout,

   
 
 

     
    

—At the Methodist par-
z ngton, by Rev, LW,
Augustus Hartford 16 Maud
Jamieson, “both of the Township of
Howard, Kent countys

        

 

   

    

         
    
      

  

  

  
    

    
 
       

To any one who
Overall’s are sell
wholesale price,

        

 

 

    

    

Seefenfocfonlocfontecfocfeofeot

 

   

   
  
    

position to turn out Leonard Barrows, ays,

Burque—In Windsor, Vy. March

ou 1018, Mra. Mary Burque, aged 79

‘Durocher—In. Windsor, ‘Thursday, March

7th, 1048, Mrs. Charie:
Artin a res Durdchers for~

town plinning and
Those
© secrets of the

the most bdbautifully
The
railway tracks are
the end of
April, the, new route

rise, in the 49th yéar of | i
Gormley—In Essex, Wednesday ieee, 61h,

1948. John Gormley, in bis 60th year.
Grandiaiso In — Windso

      

 
 
  
 

 

   
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
     
    
    
  
  
  
 
    
  
 

—Dr. Delmer‘and Mra. Trimble and

le, N. C., Pues
Albert William. ty

of Mr.

Windior, agen 3 eno penn io

: Hillier—In Cottam, it ; March &th,

in’ the Tilinois Con: 1918, Mra. eet Hiller, relict of the
‘others are consid- late thet ao Wer, aged 76 years 9

Dettor—s& James, of Chicago, | Nay—At Pix r

st Prapato: “Del-
-D,, has spent 12 | -
Sat years at]:

Trimble, sr’,

We havo‘ the matorial
applies to this, “Tho proof st fF

     
  
  
  
 
  
  

 

 

ing of all kinds of Hardwood

     
   
  
  
 

at the q

 

   
 

Wo do all kin

and ‘fo! tion for the building

a . a
‘8, lady, eee or Mr,

“ors of this : aged" 15 years 14
cloned 4 Mes. 00h, 11 Saturday, March

    

+-OF email, 4
PO nd, Ore. Re .

ding

 

Boys’ and ‘Girls’ solid Shoes
ear, at popular prices.

MEN’S RUBBER BOOTS
The Best That Money Can Buy

COME. AND’SEE US.

:

§100_ Reward !

£40 prove that Carhartt’s-
Ing»for less than $2.00.

 

HARROW LUMBER YARD,

lve satisfaction, The old’ saying

the pudd| a
Wo have alwaya on hand aie, Ing is. inthe eating,”

Lime, Beaver. Board, Cement, Coa!

Inds of Carpenter Work an; ti
be pleased to Bive an estimate or price Baty fund of eae

| — aves

  

 
 
     
    
 
  
  
   
   
    
  
  

 
 
   
 

 
 
  
     
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
  

 
   
   
  
  
  
 
    
  

    
     
 
   
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
    
   
   
   
    

          
      
  
        
         
      
          
      

 

 

sale—Lumber, Shingles,

  

 
  
    
     
 
 
      
  
   
   
     
   
   
 
   

  
   
   
     
       
     
  
    
  
 
     
 
  
  

  
   
     
   
   

  
 

 

moder
Media
Stale

KERN

——

SEA
Clerk
#0 up

For te

y town

 

   
   
 
 
