 

 

   

 

 

   

       
   

 

GANG THRESHING THIS YEAR.

J. W. Noble, Easex County Repre- ; :
sentative of the: Ontario Department e a ld arron (e@)
of Agriculture, baa already received = : 4 ’

eel requests for threshing gangs.

© threshing gangs will be composed

of eight men and more, if posible, and Co re ‘

will travel in districts, In this way it al; Farm Produce and. Live Hogs.
{9 hoped to the better enable tho far- e
mers to do their fall plowing, Uusal- ~ :

ly the fall plowing is delayed by the id
farmers helping each other:to do their

threshing. By the gang syetem this F S

would be overcome. Twenty-five far- . Ir

mers may sign an agreement that they

will have ‘thejr threshing done under DEALERS IN
the threshing gang system and that

they will pay the thresher cagh or a Insurance and Real Estate “Reene!

thirtyday note immediately after the

IF YOU Lose your CARD. WAR aaa

   
  

 

 

 

    

 
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
  

The law stipulates: “Tf the regin- The outstanding movement in Ger-
tration certificate of any person should ; man politics this week was the renig-
be lost or destroyed, worn out or dg. | nation of Yon. Kuehlmann, German
faced, he may, upon establishing the | Secretary of Foreign Affairs, which
fact to the satisfaction of the Central | was forced asa consequence of his
Registrar, Ottawa, obtain from him a! recent speech on war ;-alms of the
fresh certificate.” Being able to give | Reichstag. The German people are up
the officials the series numbers ans|in arms over the matter, as it is an-
they appear on the card helps consid- | other signs that the militarists-are still
erably in sécuring a new one. in control of the German Government.

ee oN oem aale

REGISTRATION OFFICIALS. ANOTHER AMHERSTBURG
BOY WOUNDED

      
        

THE MOLSONS BANK

<r, CAPITAL ‘AND RESERVE $8,800,000
A General Banking Business Transacted

   

 

    
   
   
  
 
  
 

  
  
    
    
      
  
  
   
   
  
   
   

    
   
  

   
    
    
 
 

     
  
    
     
  
  
   
 

 

 

    

Charles Clark, Registrar for South
Essex in the recent general registra- Ex-Treasurer John Lovegrove, Am-
tion, announces that all the officials} hersatburg, received the following
who did the work at Amherstburg, Es-|meseage Saturday morning from the
sex and Leamington, carried out the] Director of Records, Qttawa:: “Re-

 

pa 98 Branches in Canada

  
   
   

    
  
  
   
 

_J ~ CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

   
  

OORGPADKOGAETErODoRGOE®

    
   
   
   
   

 

 

 

     
   
   
    

; rare = work gratuitiously as one way of “do-| gfet to inform you that! 3220 $s. R.| threshing. An agreement must also
a iy ing their bit” in a national necessity.| 1. Y. 3130517 Pte. Fred. Lewis Love-|be filled by the thresher giving his - AMHEKSTBURG, ONT.
SAVINGS BANK DEPARTM ENT As these were the largest centers and } grove, Infantry, officially’ reported ad-| name-and address, arrangements and |=
; 5 8 involved a great deal of work it {s | mitted 14 General Hospital, Wimereux, | prices he is willing to make. Both of .

very creditable to the officials. who} France, June 28th, Gun shot wound in
voluntar{ly_ placed thefr services at} left leg."- Pte. Lovegrove was called
the disposal of the Government, and} leg.” Private Lovegrove was called
deserve the warmest thanks and com-|{to military service-from a aplendid po-
mendation. sition with the Ford Motor Co, some

3 six months ago... After a short train-
ing in London he went. overseas five
Months ago with’ the 18th Battalion,
and spent a month in England before
being sent to France ~with a draft
which volunteered for [mmediate ser-
vice there, Accompanying him to
France were Ptes,. Robert Jones and
Frank Gott, both also of Amherstburg.
The three have been in the thick of
things since, and the many friends
of the family were sorry to learn that
Fred. had been wounded, though
pleased that it ddea nat appear to have
been serious. Private Lovegrove is

Interest allowed at highest current rate these forms must-be forwarded to the
répresentative of the Department of
Agriculture or to Dr, W. A. Riddell,
Superintendent of the Trades and

Labor Branch, Toronto.

MUST RAISE PRICE
OF NATURAL GAS 1S
OPINION OF EXPERTS

t

 

     
  
  
  

   

W. 8. FALLS. Manager,
Amherstburg Branch.

     
    
  
   

    
   

R. B. SAMUEL, Manager,
-  Kingsvilfé Branch.

3

 

   
 

 

Our Bank

For years this Bank has been urging upon people

——

RAISE SALARIES OF TEACHERS.

   
   
   
    

 
   
   
   
    
  
    
   
   
    

 

     
  

“We must have new formation in
“FOR SALZ our schools,” declared Hon. Dr. Cody,

oF Minister of Education, at a pienic of
Adverth (Ned col ne

cat Cera i als jo less Te 260. the Oakville Canadian Club. “There

Small advertisoments, 16 words or under, | js ot present an undue burden thrown

3 times for 600. —___._____ |on the school teacher by the public at

’ FOR SALE—Two fresh cows aid a calf. . ~ =
JAMES DELMORE. Amberstbure. large; teachers are receiving pain

fully low galaries. A teacher must
FOR SALE—Cheap. a kitchen range with :
{SS.M, SULLIVAN, hot water front, PAKS. ALLAN McUKE,|tave personality, and a good salary
x A SALE—A new modern hose on Sandwich Street Fe _,_jtones tho spirit of personality. It-is
ae front with all modern improvements, FOR SALE—) with calf by}a disgrace for this country to haggle
MISS M. SULLIVAN. aide, JAMES PETTY PIE at S. 0. Joha- | over the spending of ten millions on

 

 

 

  

Hiss SULLIVAN’ SREAL ESTATE AGENCY

Phone 200, Amherstburg.

feb ehs eth od 1 SE
SALE—Hotise with barn and three

ac for Jand. A-amall orchard. - MISS M.
SULL' tv
“FOR SALE—A new modern coment blook
= bot on river front, 3 acres of ground,

Protest Will be Made Against. Pro-
posal, But Authorities Say It
Must Be Done on Account
of Conditions

    
   
  
   
 
   
   
     
  

    
   
  

 

  

 

  

 

: the necessity of practicing thrift and economy. To-
That the Tilbury gas. field Is good - ‘ i :
for cighteen years if conserved for
domestic use only, with the present
consumption,andé for six years if used
should be higher, were the oufstand

   
       
       

 

    

day our Government is asking you to do the samé as

  
  
  

 

       
      
   
      
       

     

  
  
  
    
     
  

your patriotic duty. You chn easily put in our Bank a

       
       

  
   
   

  

 

- —— herstbure. | 5 >, ing features of the gas toring on
Fon sALe aces ene Pyne 53 Fe ae ranch are oat |Rar a nant at te ne Maat | Monday ‘before. tho, Gntarlg- Hallway
anton frontane, gO tere Amherstburg. | years _ Walild take Ne PURE LL ALA OS ee Le ¥-\ and-Manicipal Board at clttham,

 

TOWN OF ESSEX.

The town was considérably alarmed
this week when it was discovered that
several’ cases of smallpox existed
within the municipality. This first {n-

 

 

axleny! mpriien of your sur nplap earnings to help your country.

——— a ~ ? ae
SALE—1 urge house in tow : t S 3 AMHERSTBURG DEBENTURES
air; all moddérmn conventence

“Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amncrst: a : SELL TO NEELYS. LIMITED.

Phone 20 i r dd ath ie | ;

FOR & Sate —leree onths. Apply | The Town. of Amherstburg has just
be bought for one Kingsville, Ol.) Diaced a block of 6%-19-year Local

LAL aa Apply TGS ppt G |Improvement debentures, amounting
Fort Street, nm nine!

    
  

 

In the proposal to conserve the gas
for domestic. ;purposes’ only the gas
‘company undoubtedly has the hearty
support of the Board, for Chair-
man McIntyre stated} ~ publicly
that such was the intention of the
Board. This was one of the applica-

 

  
  

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
   
 
    
  
 
 
  
  
      
 

That money, you eatf so enally flee will help win this

 
  
  
     
  

 

   
   

’

war—and it is safe.

         
 
  
   
   
       
    

ae i eer ees ee

     
   
   
       
     
 

    

 

     
 
   
           
     
    
 

 
 
   
   
   
     

   

pies, Ne orih Malden. Phone |}to $41,412.98 on the market. Seven ESE of at digesc meogened 4 NE tions of the company Monday, and the : ‘ :
} tol- | 149-2, ee ee bida were receiyed at a special meet-| Johnston's, when his. daughter took}other was for an order that the dis- Quit extravagances and begin to-day.
‘ood bargains, M. SULLI-|~ | “BA are bred Shorthorn {ng of the council! on Tuesday night, down with what appeared | to be a tributing _ companies in Chatham, a
06, Amherstburg. bulb } y age. Price right. APDIY log follows: MeNelll & Young, To-|T@sh. Two other cases developed, that] Windsor, Sarnia and Petrolew be call- a
SE rope riy known ag mae RUle ot ees 5 pre acne eT DOne ronto, $94.77:and accrued {nterest,, or ae, Mee ee ei tne paar to furnish plans of their dis- % :
b) coe i mae ~ a i es u y sy 5 a
) two Torge lots. A sacrifice, = ern house, ) $89,247.08; A. E. Ames, of Toronto, P 1 Th < t mn tributing Beacon : = =
Make an offer, MISS M, AR with hardswor 5 Sandwich Street, | $94. 78, or a lump sum of $39,251 and juarantined. @ health” authorities At the hearing in February last it
Wo Storey frame house} oposite town park. Enquire J.J. RYAN, |accrued interest. Neely & Co., Toron- have placed the strictest kind of ~a| was alleged that improper distribution

 

quarantine on the infected ‘premiacs
and hope ta prevent a further spread
of this loathsome disease.

A: sudden death ocurred in Walker-
ville Thursdry, July 4th, when the wife
of D, L, Squire, a prominent business
man, passed awny after having auffer-
ed from heart failure for only a few
days. She is survived: by<her hus-
band, father, John Hyland; two sis-

 

systems caused the lack of sufficient
08. last_winter,-aven when manufac-
turing coOfcerns were cut off in West-
orn Ontario, but those cast on the”
lines of the Glenwood and Southern
Ontario companies dlowed to use all
they wanted,
Would Raise Price,
Eugene Coste, testifying “for the

Distet Detroit, Mich.
nw RAL 7 . ———--—--—- | f0, 97 and accrued interest, or $40; 170.-
FOR SALE—A large two-storey house | . sa’
anit lot corner Richmond and George. Sis, |59;-C, H. Burgess & Co,, 96.12, or $39,-

VAN Apply to JOHN RYAN, corner Hrock and | 806,15; Aemilius Jarvis Co,, 95.87, or
FOR SALE—S0-acre farm on Sih Con. | Murray Sts, or P.O. Box 231, Amberst-| $39 799.62; W. L. McKinnon. & Co.,

of Mylden, black. loam Jand; with a house burg. + = - — 195,954, or $39,735.76; Brent, Noxon &

e 7 ree FOR: GALE—Or. to Rent—The very SA e
ant stable on. sathe; also a ggud orchart: (sirable “Menger” residence an Dalhoisie {CO., $89,918.50- The offer of Neely &
“ Street, Amherstburg. For particulars and {C oa Was accepted. The debentures

— ar) terms apply to ALEX. Re BARTLET, Adni) } werd floated for the Sandwich. street

nd Io! rs
40 bran rina r iene acta Montes Estate, Davis | pavement, the‘contract price of which
fl

With modern improvemen large lot. Also
anew car, Just used tw Parties lnay~
ing low. A bargain, apply MISS SULL

  
 
    
    
 

 
  

    
  
    
  
     
  
  

Ey

      

 

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA

Ataherstburg Branch, . C. A. CUDDY, Manager
Harrow Branch - -" P. T. Clark, Manager

    
   
   
     
  
  

     

  

 

SuliMaANiA Gea

    
  
    
   
  

 

    
 
 
 
 
  

 
  

 
   
   
  

      
    
     

   

Tete heapiereriaiiia cuties eit

    
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
   

    
     
  

   
  
  

      
  
   
   
   
   
 
       
    
   
   
   
   
    
 
  
    
     
    
    
    
       
    

340 feet dee - = $41,412.98. When the difference Union Gas Company, of which D. A.|%
H Aol MI . eon vaeichie a mot Nin are aS jas. au the jasie ond’ the PAF of the | ters, Mrs. Oscar Squires Windsor, and | Coste is manager, said that he believed (abaseasaahcaeaaranateaaeeeeee cee te
ner lot a ely pe Jy.) Wi 5
= With vegetable yarden, Inmediate posses: |debentires is added to the original ee a ea Walkerville, and | the price of gas should be 90 cents for
sion. Heagonabje for quick sale. Also NeW | contract price it makes tle total cost ree brothers, Wesley, of Essex; |/the first 5900 cubic feet and 45 cents

WLEMINE, Auld

   
      
  
    
   
 

William, of, Windsor and Albert, of

per 1,000 affer that. He said that the het
Maldstone, ‘The. funeral.-was held se

company must -got 56 cents per 1,000

3; good house

of the, pavement $42,665.37.
Apply MARY SULb?

    

 

 

  
  
    
        
  
 

     
  

   
    
   
 
  

    
 
   
   
  

     

    

Amherstburg, Phone 206, rain ano 8 Se eee *— Jdrom the home of Mra. J. W. McDow-]| feet in order to incet. expanses and
FOR GALE—Large lot 5 house aod Sof i rm: WINDSOK. ell with interment at North Ridge |pay a dividend,
at {raioed, "young ees and shade: trees, | and Rood ? ; wo weiss s nday afternoon. ..Wm.| Mr. Costeswent into details as to gna
Will bi aD Apply MISS, Ms pie APE AL. PN i. So ton Privates F, Farmer, Detroit, and Al- 5 Squire and | pressures, and said that the life of}
+ SULL ont, NR. - late Mer, Windsor, jxbo recently re tho fie!d would be eighteen yearsy {f}
Dultding on tho east FOR sate ro. far nil one a |turned {rom France, after more thaa| “jdomestic consumers only were served.

   
  

of Dalhousie reet, known as tho
r Roller Rink; sil osk Moors xa57 Mving. room; —atnl

fent.. Would be “suitable : hen, downspalrs bedroo) 4 upstairs. 'Wor badges .by the Canadian Militia
Picture show or - Bowling +] Sb black clay Toani, Well

E need and drain= | Departs nent.
“0 bo es creat. Phone 206, hres orchard: 5. timber: cloze| Firalling into an excavation Monday

   

IL Basement |

on, Anitord’ new “hous room and |¢Wo Nears’ service, have been granted

  
   

y c d"that it would be six years
yed the manufacturers.

Seger es rrgteation by Me We Have*About” r

 

     

   
 

 

     
   
    
    

 

    
  
    
  
  
  

 
      
    

   
    

aes

Private Henry Warner,. son Of Mr

 

    
  
   
    
    

  
  

 
  

        
     
    
   
   

    
   
   
   
     
   
  

   

  

  

  

   

      
    
  
   
    
  
    
  

~ SULLIVAN, | 9 and Mrs, H.-A. Warnér, of Leaming- mn ny; } Pea
A finest houses on ———|afternoon, Ashton Hamill, 29 years E » H.-A. , 5 lie sald that the company Se.
I onesn S re mien. hall, > double }_ FOR BALE—Ilealoy rPenitonc oon Namsay | oig, on employee of the Canadian ton, has been killed in action. His! would be better off to sell all the gas =
parlors, dining room, kitchen, all finished fares psc Gouna Dart r "Steel. Corporation,, Ojibway, Yeuffered | Parents received word Monday of his} in six yeats, ot |
clot Ki closets, fall basements furance, | Foomns ind bath Upst a fracture of his right leg below the| death, Enlisting in<April of,1916 in| Thomas R. Weymouth, who testified
ic. Nghtaupper-and Jower- verandehs the Ninety-ninth Battalion, which was | that he was a ga8 expert and a gradu- ,

 

       
   
    
    
  
 
    
 
  
   

Nok water: Turnage: -tkneo, He was taken “to Hotel Dieu,
y 120 feat de er NES ADHy on the prem-,| Windsor.

i ie , K. BH. Fleming. son of O. EB. Fleming},

K-C., of Windsor, and H. W., _Vroo-

man, son of Postmaster Vrooman,, of |

Walkerville, have passed first class ex-

   

      
  
  
  
  
 

fiver: large garage. Best of te ah

recruited and~ trained at Windsor, | ate of Massachusetts Institute of Tech-
MARY SULLIVAN, Fort Strect, I.

Private Warner was transferred to} nology, declared that he had examined
another unit after the Essex Battalion | the field ond he valued the plant at

e LJ e
in odd colors, in Pints,
was disbanded in’ England He waa} the present time onia basis ,of cost J H
£6 years old and unmarried. less depreciation, a8 $6,128,310.74, but > alf Gallons.
ton penitentiary, McCormick was|snle of 2,500, 000,000 cubic feet of gas} ALL F ST-CLA CLASS STOCK -
brought over, from. the Chatham gaol |a yeaY the price of gas rightly should |

by County”’Constable)Peters, and ap-| be 65 ce 1,000 £1 ,
“Tho Board has ardated tat the seoy| - Selling al Before-the-War Prices. :

peared without a lawyer toy defend
(tim. - “He pleaded’ guilty ‘to breaking | ond application of the Union Gas Comi-
pany for a filing of plans for distribu- |

out of gaol, breaking into Denholm's
tion systems by distributing ‘com-{

house’ and into Fleming’s hardware ae a =
panies be made, and hinted that’ thet Come Quick Bafnie It’s Picked Over : a

store. On.the firat charge he received.
two years, and four years eich for the | requeatof the Chatham Gas Company.
other two, the terms to run eoncur-

orntly, Ho told the story-of how it

 
  

OR SALE—Largé bilck house on Dal prising §8
Free wit reception hall, parlor, wee con, ena rt miles Frc
g room, ‘dining’ room. kitchen. Os. | Co. Good house and barn with «brick

 

    
   
  

 

)
hes Stairs-—3 bedrooms, large with clothes 14) shed, corn crib, never+ inat! the Canadi Militar: When Prisoner McCormick pleaded | he modestly added thnt it i
ls a ell, best of corn and tobacco | XmMinatlons at the Canadian y Ci) stly adde way, worth

Lake me on Th stetionerss ees aectes y ire. WIM take, small ho iCollege, Kingston,-Ont. Both young | Sullty to threa ‘charges before Magis-| more than that.

 

trate Whittington at Blenhelm, Mon- Should Be Sixty-Five, Cents. ”

ietits; hot Water Turnace: balcony facing | 4 own) “One deal. b men will join the Roya! Plying Corps,
J : hi day, he was given four years {n Kings-| Ho estimated that with nn estimated |

r. Largépbarn with coment Noor; wat- Alexander Rosnoyan, poolroom pro-

Ve harn,-eiso-eecific Wents; OMe Or Ane}, *\prietor, Marion avenue, Windsor, and

buys’ toxn, Aplysia MARY E i a whi found {1 the place
LIVAN. Posssssion at once. ; six Men who were p

inivata cultivator; set/early Sunday morning by Sergeant

takes alee harFow; potato dieser Frank Cade, were each fined. $14 Mon-

Farhi team of ho * -|day by Magistrate Miers for violat-

one. tf ay rack; 2 wagon’ Doxes, |ing ‘the Lord's Day Act by gambling.
(ap Tu FINTURES Ane ‘ aneaeres They Were playing Russian "21." _.
et lambs: 4 old ewes;-| John “Rawlings, 79-year-old farmer,

 f) Gravel Road, om msm , jilving near Windsor, and father of-five
ER SPERGOLATORS, 4c, ss Bn con, Gravel f Ro A dae Lot 46, /childron, all under 15, appeared in the

Windsor police’ court Wednesday to

      
 
   
  
    
   
  
    
  
    
    
  
  
   
  
 
  
 

    
   
   
  

   
   
  

 

Seelebe

 

     
    
  
    
    
     
      
  
  
  
  
     
     
      
  
   
   

 

      
   
   

 

  

    
 
     
    
   
    

 

of thelt pee a te _ EVERY CAN GUARANTEED.

 

  
      

    
     
   
    

   
  

= — ~~~ }complain against his wife, who, he al- ae all’ done, and how, after getting | might possibly be complied with +
Builders’ NI [ies pouNB okies whoa “Jleges, has lived with anoth®r mam in} Out, be rode, purt of the way to,Leam-Tthrough an order of the board. i ee, ere
FOURD—Porkatbook with money. Own- Detroit and has not tdken Gaye of the | !"etom\on a freight train. He @laimed

TOWN “AND COUNTY.

—s. S, Kolfage, of the Taylor “Wobl-
len Mills, Chatham, is in this section
looking for wool, /

/-—Joe Forreat, of Simone & Forrest,
has been called to the colors, and fs

    
  
    
   
  
    
   

he got the spike with wiifch he broke
the gaol-lock out-of a can in the-cell,
in which were others. The chief de-
nied that this could be so, Part of his
story of his doings, as told Attornoy
R21. Gosnell, “who prosecuted, was

Beaver Board, Bishopric Lath and J) ér may yet same by proving property and | chiidren. Rawlings alleges. that his
Stucco Board, Oak and Neponset feline at CABLES WARIS Ambetstbarr, wife,’ wh0"ls 42, took $250 of his say-
Wall Board, . Brantford rrp ings and left toe Detroit after thrent-
States, &c. Roofing, Shingles, ening to burn him at the stake.
Rattens, Mouldings, Flooring, Sash, §) zo henT—Pasture—s0 acres Nnest pas-|_ Windsor city council at its meeting
Doors, Screen. Doors, &c. ke ture In Bssex coniy; ped clovor, alfalfa; |'Monday night adopted without debate

 
   
   
   

 

   
  
   

   

 

        
   

      
  
  
 

     
  

 

   
  

|W. H. JONES “Ee”

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

    
  
 
 

   
   
  
  
 
 

, timothy and greol\ onts: owing woll and . | discredited. He was taken’ awa: it
pleco lh fae catia WA nies Slt Ainierstbure: Bey emilee ienetiaee body tbe Petérs to Chatham gqol-and will be peeking ae Ainpoes ate ne to J ‘a
t Phone 13 “2nd Fioor Hodgh Block Phone a . 4 * J authorized to Jnvestigate the Y. M. C. transferred to Kingston. penitentiary. ine Italian, coker: re Jeane 20

    
    
    

A.-and Catholic Hut Association be- i
fore handing over en of $15,000 x McGREGOI. - :

Perici a : and $5,000, respectively, voted to these] « '
A oad of his father’s, S. J, Pettypiece's, river
RR organizations by the council éome me sat ye of one a nae aH frant, spending the summer, while
Ee ve mona Laces See | presbytery. "This insuran gn open {tbe & ¥ Poltypeco ts on a, wat to
: ence eee church all y frlends
: F Uu mi ture ato ¥, |amongsoldiers in France. ae oat neta anes bre ‘far os the District! farmers compliiln that
+s Filing of a cortificate scr death Ptes. Norman Drouillard, a Gali.) .{t {8 unusually hard this year to cure
: Tuesaday by Dr. W. S. Labelle, corone peaw-and A: “Bondy wefe all home Thay. It appears that the Inck of any.
27) % j “+ for Essex county, disclosed that Mrs. | fom London ovor Sunday, to.se6 their | CO8tinued period of warm weather,
uYyIT i “ = ; Virginia . Keith, 24,> wife of Robert | ramiies. ‘Tho boys are having 4 good combined "with an usual amount of | fo GENERAL CONTRACTORS
om te atic ataras aera timo in camp and aro certainly en-| “MUERY micas pharee ses reappanib:
Isa ees or a bother—a hard problem or no SE itite ‘noid; it, had. boon, previouaty {9108 Ko0d health. aces nientactoenan: ieee

   
    

—Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Pettyplece,
of Detroit, and four children are at

 
 

    
 

 

   
  
   
   
   
 

   
 
  
  

     
     
  
  
    
   
 
  
  
  

   
   
    
    
  

   
   
    
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
 

a ae

  
    
 
 
  
    
 

 
   
  
    
 
    
   
   

a their examinations at tho Eng:
problem at.all~pretty much according to where you shop. sien at inlay lth ies | mat gral ase wh i'n | tvonch Mol cn a anti. fo Somers, Water Mains, Sidewals, Pavements,
; in a. Detroit tn a | D0! f the promotions “in the ‘achool |’ oce ezaire, rtha eneteny,
We-wish to tell you that this store is just now fixed so ‘/cream ina, Deteot, | wean of ath {Ae publahed in last wook'a eho, Tho (on, ‘ledbeth Monforton, Mn. ‘ Basements, Ete. ;
that a visit here will not only prove profitable, but it will J assigned at tho tine, th had | asauming’ charge hore and pare ie) Mahoney; Rita’ M. Thibert.

     
 
 

ee riihieb eebheb

: - 4 |been married less than a week when deat CY fally designed. tractor, 1
rob furniture buying of all tedicasness. + aho foo, ppolion, Dr, Labelle i "vk Ro arbet a A ptielr children. will tended forge merle aries kein ‘
~You were never asked to look, at a otter ‘chosen rultted suialde, a8 no thveatigation bas ley remain, hore, at Fars Se ene mged. by the One|.

 

sm a “section forema here foy | Usefulness demonstrated: in various a

= ae ‘ “ : ‘The Canat T icaid bas Sidaied | name ok p yoars, parts of the. province, wh mae

ee pris = Ir to- you : sae a ig places Slaned tar, tion on tho ' at ‘sardoning fa x
" at * + a “** | viola! i 2
pet oO

PAN OPERATION

+4 Instead I took Lydia E. Pink-

OW 10 GET RID
OF RHEUMATISM

“Frait-a-tives” Polat the Way
to Quick Relief

Veroxa, Ont.

“T suffered for a number of years
with Nheamatiim and severe! Pains
in my Side and Back, caused by
strains and licary lifting.

Whe: { bal civen up hope of ever
being well again, a friend recom-
meniled ‘Fruit-a-tives’ to me and
after using the first box I felt so
touch better that I continued to
take them; and now lam enjoying
the bestwf health, thanks to your
wonderful fruit medicine”.

W. M. LAMPSON,

“Frult-a-tives” sre sold by all
dralcrs at We..a box, 6 for $2.0,
trial size 25c.— or sent postpaid hy
Fruit-a-tives Limited, Ottawa.

TOWN AND COUNTY.
—Thomas (Cook and Garry Reaume
were called to London on Wednesday
to join the forces
—Five cups of Salada cost only one
cent, The econamy is obvious when
compared with the yield from low
priced ordinary tea a :
—Three rinks of bowlers went to
Comber yesterday (Thursday)-to par-
ticipate a Jooul tournament.
ratburg bowlers have decld-
A one-day tournament,
ay, Auguat 5th,
ada Registration Board
> penalties provided for
to have registration cords go
into effect at once, and not as-hus been
rumored a month hence. Any man not
now posssaing a ticket of registration
may be refuse? » railway ticket or a
meal
—Mrs
children,

A. Brosseau, Buffalo, and
Katherine Janet, Willls
Alexander, Elizabeth Beatrix, Augna-
tine Mackenzie; Mrs, M. J. Hamilton,
of St. Thomas, and Mra. F. D. Gold-
stone, of -Milwaukee, are on two
weeks’ visit with thelr father, Alex-
ander Mackenzie

Sarnia City, ‘with its 15,000 In-
habitants, has got down to one news-
paper, “The People’s Weekly Press,”
the publication of Which started after
the amalgamation of the Canadian-
Observer, in the office of the former
Sarnia Post, having ceased publica-
tion, The plant fs offered for sale by
Thomas Cook,«th® owner, .

On and after July 15th every baker
must place on @ach loaf of bread. a
jabel or aticker bearing his name and
address and words “Victory Bread.”
The ta explanation will be a guar-
antee that the prescribed amount of
substitute for standard wheat- flour re-
quired by the Canada Food Board has
been used in the making of the loaf
Bread which does not bear-such label
or sticker: may be seized and forfeited
to his majesty

The Public schoo! nurse ia a sone:
what new Acquisition, particularly to

0.

a

schools in the village and rural muni-!

elpalities, but it looks as*df such. an
officJal {s coming to stay. Medical ex-
auminations go to Prove, that many a
child is in need of medical. attention
who does not receive it, in the matter
of eyant¢ throat troubles, t#eth ont
“akin. di 6; but with the
school law, parent® who are derilict to
their duty will Imive thejr children
Bivén the necessary examination and
troatment professionally. This new
départment may look like an innoya-
tion, but good will come of it as the
years roll*hy.

», — They tell 4 good one,of a colorsd
boy who belonge: <19 ‘

wigan t the usual months
dr trining, he was: sent td the front
Mine trenchey with bis comrades, The
arder came {to advdnee at daylight.
Over the top they went, and were soon
int a trench, packed with Germans.
An this moment of crists, il Know-
ledge of riflé and bayonet left. lifm {in
an [nstant. jut he was prepared for
such an emergence and whipped ont
a razor ffom benaath his tunic, find
made avlightning piss “at the nearest
German. “Ach, you miswed me,” sald
the Hun, “Don't you eber tink ft
boss, Jes you wait till you move yo"
head.” 7S Smt Fm sie
—“Bob" Fatrful. the. fantéis Ubam-
ington bowler, may have to "hoek”
some. of lis trophies to pay fines; A
fow weeks Ago while driving his auto
through Exsex, Mr; Mairful struck the
bugglon of John. Hostine and John
fae liich were tied to the railing on
C. * stfeet at the side of R. M.
‘s ators. He wah forced to take
the side street in order to avold strik-
ing a*rig which was driven atross Tal-
Lot atreet from Stone'y corner to the
Bank corner. Both buggies Were dam-
aged. Mr, Hostine's to the extent of
$8.25 and Mr. Beer’s to the extent of
»° 317. Both have entered Suit against
2~" Bob" to rerover thé, dmount of dam-
Ages sustained, .

SSE PE Se

URGED

a

HETOR

ham’s Vegetable Compound
and. Was Cured.

Sie Md.—‘‘ Nearly lone years
* Lsaffer rom organic troubles, ner-
i a INgae and head-
aches ond ovory
month would havo to
stay in bed most of
the timo. Trent-
ments would relieve
mo for o timo’but
my doctor was al-
ways urging me to.

pel

My slster asked mé
Lydia E:'Pink-

b Ay praia Beal

amended |

<e See  eee, bol .

—It Is announced that the world has
but a short three months supply ot
hairpins, No more, at present, it sight.

—A fashion journal says: “The 1918
skirt is more individual than the
1917." Leas skirt, you’ know, and
jmore individual

If oar advertisers who are lie-
ensed will furnish us with their num-
ber, We will include it in their ads, as
the law requires.

—An eastern young woman charged
with biganiy, is said to have - three
soldier husbands The matrimonial
ace.—Detroit News

—The June bride crop was smaller
than usual this year—but wait till the
boys get back from overseas! Lost
time will be made up then.

—People are usually pleased to re-
celve registered letters but the ones
coming to numerous young men these
days are not always very welcome

—Brace County W. C. T. U., in con-
vention at Teeswater, adopted a reso-
lution expressing “indignation that {n
the counties of Essex and Kent land
and Jabor are being used in the ig-
creased production of tobacco, while
conscription is taking young farmers
in other parts of the province, who
have to leave their fields of grain un-
cared for.”

—Worll was received here Monday
of last week that Mrs. (Dr) Douglas
Godwin, of Detroit, had died following
an operation for goitre She leaves
one child, a daughter about seven
years of age, who {» living with her
grandmother. Mrs. Godwin, in London.
Dr. Godwin has been overseas since
the fall of 191%, He is son of the late
Rey. Wm. Godwin, known to most of
our people, and a former pastor of
Wesley Methodist churcll.
ilure to register under the Gov-
it’s plan to le the manpower
of the country, cost Audolph Schmidt,
Maidstone farm 5), a8 well as
drawing «a sente of-one month in
gaol. Magistrate Miers, Windsor, who
dealt with the case, rejected Schmidt's
plea to send him to an intermwnt camp

ad of gaol Schmidt lived for
some months at Essex, at the outbreak
of the war, and’caused a good deal of
anxiety by his suspiefous actions.

Notices were posted through the
Ford. Motor Co. at’ Ford Saturday
morning that the plant ‘would close
down at noon that day for an indefinite
period. It was reported the factory
would remain closed for the rast of. the
summer, bat, this could not be verl-
fied. There have been hints that the
Government might take over the Plant
and operate if for munitions, but this
Is only one of the many unconfirmed
reports in circulation.

Canadian Magazine*for July
4 good assortment of articles
summ fletion, including “The
Strange Ad tures of Fleury, Mes-
Piat", by Lyman B, Ja kes; “An Es:
kimo Patriot," by Lacey Amq: “Theor-
of State *Dewpotisth”, by’ Charles
“The Gray Trout of Timi-
g M. Parkinson, and “C‘ock-a:
tuk, Everybody's” Grouse,” by Hamfl-
jton M. Laing. Sir John Willison's
Reminiscences and “Dihabeah Days,”
by Helen M. Edgar, are continued.
Robert “Buzz” Honley) > Flight
Cadet, R. A. F., was home trom Camp
Horden over Sunday, Completing jijs
technical mstructional course in To-
jronto. ‘he passed all the difficult x.
| Sinations with an average of 71
jund is now qualifying for « comm is-
sion. Cadet Henley discourses most
jtterestingly on topies connécted
with. "bis new profession, and expects
to have his own plane withiav« vory
short time, completing hia course in
eS rial sunnery’at Beamsville _ before
SOM Overseas,

~The travelling threshing gang. is
LKOInE to be. an important factor {n
assisting the farmers to get their fall
work done this year. The plun of the
Trades and Labor Branch of the De-
partment of Agriculture to organize
thresjiing’ gangs for every county jn
Ontario is making progress, and al-
ready ten owners of threshing outfits
nave made arrangements with yon s

of e 2 d to> the
rm the necessary Inbor. «In
Addition, théye have been many en-
quiriés, and {t ix hoped to materially
increase the number of sangs in ser.
vice this fall. :

—Necesaity for stricter economy in
newsprint paper is emphasized in a
lattér addnessed bythe War Industries
Board to. all newspaper publishers in
the United States, who are asked to
put Into éffect a number of e onomies,
On and aftéen July 15th unsold copies
may he Teturned, sample or f{ree-pro-
motion coples are-not to be Ajatribnt-
ed; advertisers are’ to be permitted
but one copy; the fractice of forcing
copies upon news déalers ax a cordi-
“ion oftheir holding a certain terri
sory is to be discontinued. Coples are
not to be bought back from déaleya or
agents at either the wholesale or. re-
tall selling price, and all freo exchang:
6 are to be discontinued.

—AcHioh takén by the Ontarfo Rail-
jaiy and Municipal Board Friday
sticks to prolong the life of the nae
tural \gas flelda in the Kent ‘district.
An order was_jasued wiiich will limit
Ue supply of gas, for all large con-
sumérs depending on the Kent field,
Hotels, offices, schools and public {n-
stitutions, except for ¢ooking pur-
pokes; ure cut off from using the gas
Produ@ers of natural gaeé in other
fields than Kent are to Be allowed to
distribute gas for domestic. and in-
dustrial purposes as In the past, un-
Ul ansexpert completes an imvestign-
“on and the Board Jssues an order,
which will likely be about September
15th.

“All AlLoamers of the. Detroit &
Cleveland Navigation Company's fleet
have’ been-equlpped with an additforal
safeguard in the form of.an electrical. |
ly. operated light pttached to the front
of the whistle und so connected that

ernim

\

fee Apple

it Is Hghted whenever and only when |,

the whistle is "blown. It is frequently
the case that the sound of passing
signals given by steamers approaching
each other is carried away on the
wind, the signals being indigated by
the rising Jets of steam rather than by
sound. While the ‘signal may thus be
observed in daytime, {t is less easily
detected In thick weather “and at
night. ‘The lights flashing out on the
whistle of the D. & C. bodts simul-
taneously with the whistle signal are
counted In to indicate the nature of
the signal, even when’ the’ sound doos
not carry, So far as is known, the D,
& ©. boats are the only lake steamers.

‘Compound before

operation. I took |
_— A Semone of it a
“3 ae. and

i

Fe
[eq
4

|
5

not
Hea Kingsville, investigated

=P. A. Bart

motored
-wonl's.

—Mis# Grace Campbell, of Blythes-
wood, is the guest of her sister, Mra.

“Earl, Fox, Ramsay street. ~
—The young lady across the way
says her gardenia doing exceptionally
well this year, and she supposes it's
because of the mew law giving the
plants an hour more suniligat.
—Don't borrow The Echo from your
neighbor. Subscribe for it and have a
copy of your-own. It only costs One
Doliar and Fifty Cents for a whole
year, or less than three cents a week.
—The. Gavernos-General’s ‘medal,
given for the highest average gnined

by any pupil in the Outremont con-

yent, Montreal, has beep awarded to
Miss Margaret Page;-daughter of Leo
Page, a well known’ Windsor real es-
tate dealer. Miss Page also. carried
off the gold medal for domestic
sclence,

—Among those who are taking the
special course in agriculture at On-
tarlo Agricultural College,’ Guelph,
with the teachers are more than 26
teaching sisters from the -various Ro-
man Catholic convents in western
Ontario, They come from Hamilton,
London, Windsor, Chatham and. other
places, and are preparing themselves
to teach agriculture in the convents,
This ja the first time the sisters have
attended this school,

—Smoke emerged so thickly from
paper J. H. Florey was burning in a
stove in the store, Sunday evening,
that a number of boys turned In a
fire alarm. . The record time made to
the place by two hose heels was a
credit to the volunteer brigade, while
the large crowd that gathered in the
space of five minutes showed’ Am-
herstburg to be a real contre of popu-
lation. There was nothing doing for
the fire buddleg.

—A permanent supply of pure wat-
er is engaging the attention of many
municipalities in the Province. Lea &
Lea, of Montreal, will be engaged to
make a thorough investigation regard-
ing @ permanent and pure water supply
for Brantford, to report to the Water-
works Commission not later than Oc
tober 15th. From work and studies
already made in connection with the
water supply, the course of. the in
vestigation asked for will be along the
tine of establishing a filtration systey
inthis icity the source of supply be.
ing. the Grand -River.

—By an amendment 4o the schoo}
law passed at the répenit®session of the
Ontario Legislature the holidays of al]
schools will be extended until Sept

20th
0th.

leave the boys on the farm for an ad:
ditional month at a time of the year
when they are greatly needed,

—A number of long past due ac-
counts for subscriptions to The Echo
are being handedvover for collection.in
the Courts, We don't like to take this
course but If people won't settle withs,
out we are not to blame as we cami't
put our creditor# off—they have to
have the cash, Consult the address
label on your paper.

—An important meéting was held at
Tilbury on Thursday evening. Of last
weeks when tlie flax queston v: dis-
cussell at some length. Frank G¥ass,
M. P., of London, and Mr, Horn, of
Toronto, representing the Flax Grow-
era’ Agsoclation, were present and em-
phusized the need of more flax dt this
ume a8 #O much fibre % needed in
aeroplane construction.. A. B, McCoilg,;
M. P., wis #80 in attendance and en-
doraed the efforts of those interested
to Incr@ase the production and saving
of flax this year. The attendance at
the meeting was Jarge and there wag
enthusiastic response from a patriotic
standpoint 28 wel! ag from’ the fact
that there is a goed financtal return
to those who grow flax.

—Canadian and British
caught in “slacker raida’

periodically b BettSit police,
SISanet local draft boards arte
AYicridan Protective League, w He
glyen into the custedy of the, Detroit
Pritish-Canadian ~Recruiting Mission
for Investigation. This agreement was
reached at a joint conference held
Sunday, between the ‘officer in com-
mand of the Recruiting, Mission.and
the Police Department, Among the
many young men that have been de-
tained by, the police following raids
have been many who Claimed British
allegiance. As a fule they were re-
leased without further. Investigation.
With the new draft treaty betaveen the
United States and Great Britain, to
become effectivé within the next sixty
duys, the authorities have dbcided to
cheek up men of draft age more close.
ly, especially those of Cunadian birth
who are found in Detroit., British sub-
jects over thirty-one ydars of age; and
under.45, in the United Sthtes will be
required to register.on ad date soon to
be established,

—Ag quiet .and very prétty wedding
was #Olemnized at the home of W., £
Rapley, 51 Caron avente, ~ Windsor,
Friday evening, when their younger
daughter, Zelina Marjon, Was united!
in marriage to Cadet Dewey J. Hamil-
ton, of the R.A. F:, Toronto, eldest
son-of Mrs, Harry Hamilton,“or Ath
herstburg. The ceremony. was per-
formed by Rey. A. Carlisle, in the
Presenee of the immediate’ relatives
only. The bride was becomingly
Kowned in white georgette crepe and
white watin and wore a corsage bou-
quet of white sweet peas and pink
rosebads: Mrs. Lyle Wogan attended
her sister, gowned in cream lace and
green voile, carrying pink. rosebuds.
William Blair acted as ‘best man. The
bride. was given away by her ancle,
Clitarles Willixms, of Walkeryille. Af-
ter the ceremony a buffet “luncheon
was serve to about forty relatives
and friends. Among the out-of-town

suests were, Mra. Hamilton and Les- |)

tor Hamilton, mother and brother of
the grooni, Mrs, Sdward Munn and
Miss Mung, of Amherstburg; Miss
Irene Renamt, of Belle River, and Mr_
and Mrs, Lecestre, of Detroit, The
bride received many beautiful gifts.
The Echo extends congratulations,

FATAL AUTO ACCIDENT.

On Sunday’ of Inst week, Chartes
Anderson, of Windsor, was driving o
large noven-passengor Studebaker car
near Staples. At about a niije west
of staples he turned to go into‘ ‘rela-|
tives of Mra. Anderson's, when. ewing,
to the slippery state of the roads the
car. skidded and overturned, © Tae
were in the machine Mr, ana 5
Andérson, their three childron and ‘a
couple of friends. Mrs. Anderson wag
instantly Killed and Mr. Anderson
badly shaken up, but the othere word

injared. Coroner J. 8. Jonnor, of)
the ¢lroum-
stances of the accident and dock
/an fnquest waa unnecessary.
‘doraon’s name her
was Chauvin and her hom
Staplos, Fifteen dr sixteen’
‘in « Nosion. at Staple;

deceased’ me

to Point Pelee*last week, to.
| spend a few days at Capt. Wilkdn- f

Voile

%

Specially Priced At

$10-

= New Washable

Dresses

Ses

$15

For Women ind Misses

The variety and simplicity of these
groups affords opportunity to select
very desirable styles for warm weather
wear. Made of plain, striped and fig-
ured voiles with organdy or pique-

trimmed collars,

SIEGEL

GIA OOCOMUS © STATE
leo. COMMACTION WITH ANY ONGB STORE

‘ _ DETROIT

GIS25

ESS AIISSs

cuffs and pockets.

MAIL
ORDERS
SOLICITED

DASE

 

t Z
Amherstharg Council.
? Monday, July 6th.

Council met regularly.

Present His Worship Mayor Park,
Reeve Brown’ and Councillors Jones,
Denike, Wigle and Crimmins.

Minutes of previous meeting were
read and adopted.

Accounts and communications were
read and referred to their respective
committees as follow

Finance Committee—A. Fox Estate,
$17.35; Echo, $166.40; Park Drug Store,
2; F. H. A. Davis, $31; P. S. Board,

$300. :
Board of Works—S, Renaud, $60,
Fire, Water and Light—A. Boyd, $20,
$20; C. Marshal), $14, $4; W. Mann,
$40, $4; Bell Telephone Co,, $5.50;
Parks Drug Store, $44.74; C.- Chapman,

Iteadopted by rural board it wit) 138-50; Ryan & Co., $127.29; McGee Coal

Co,, $420:25.

Property Committce—Dept. of Inter-
for, rent, $2; Bell-Telephone Co., $9.30;
Ryan & Co., $1.97

Health and*Charity—H. Chambers,
$1.00.

Communications:

Canada Pipe Co. Lid. re water-
Works installation, advising wire
bound wooden pipe

Pétition from H. L. Robidoux, ote.,
applying for pipe crock sewer on Sey-
more street.

Tenderg, were received as follows:

From Alfred Horsley, for painting
interior of hall, for $316

From A. Manson, for $593.30.

From W. A. Manson, for $594.40.

G.-T. Florey addressed the council
regarding the passing of an early
closing by-law. He said by doing so
they would be {nterfering with his
personal liberty. It looked to him like
a conspiracy against him. It would
be doing_him an injustice, and he osk-
ed them not to pass it.

C, A. Cuddy addressed the co

rding the taxes on the
iool for last yeas,
questioned. ay)

uncil
Sect

an

ndin:; é& payment of ac

Ich ware incorporated’ into

® Finance Committee's report, and
adopted.

The Finance Cominyttse's report was
reid recommendidg that Warrants be
drawn for the follewing accounts:
Public School, demand... 7. ..$300 00
Parks’ Drug Store, pads 2 00
PF. H. A. Davis, law costs and

drawing by-law .......... 31 06
Echo Ptg. Co, Public Health
notices, W. W. by-law... 166 48
Health and Charity—
Henry Chambérs, burying dog 1°00
§. Renaud—
10 days’ sprinkling.......
2 days’. work... ape Cea e
Property Committée—
Devt. of Interior. rent of park
Bell: Telephone Co, rent...
Ryan & Co), supplies. ..:

Fire, Water and Light—

A. Boyd, digging...

A. Boyd, digging

C, Marshall

C. Marshall »

We Mann .,..

WY SMM. £525 enlace waste»
Bell Telephone, W. W. phone.
Parks’ Drug Store, lime, ete... 44 74
C. Chapman, work and supplies © § gi;
Ryan & Co., pipe, ote.,.,.,... 127 29
McGee Coal Co., coal for June. 420 25
Pettypicces Limited, on account .
Apsley street pavement...., 3000: 007

The report was: adopted. ,

Moved by Messra. Dentke and
Brown, thar w warrant of $20.26) ba
paid the Tax Collector on Georgo West
account,—Creritd. ee

Robert Kett explained that he was
ause@ssed for three Jots more than he
owns: 3

Moved by Mr. Denike, seconded by
Reeve Brown, that @ warrant be drawn
on te Gollertor for lots 835-6-7-5 fos:
the 7917. tax roll, assessed to Retort;
Kett, and (iat an-order bo issued -to,
Mr. Burns to correct the roll for lots,

50 00
10 60°
2 00
F To
ae ee
20 00

20 00
14°00

40 00
23 08)
5 bO

Moyaid by Reeve Brown, socondad ty’)
Mr. Deinike, that the tonder of Alfrad
Horsley. for the patnting-of tha inter-
for of thie hall be accepted.—Carried,

Mr. Ciimmins drought that thy ten-

éererg s\toaid explain themselves more |,
éefinitely. Sut Mr. Brown sald each |

ene tenting bad done so tron the
sume dati. ;

Mr. Wijxl®. spoaking for WG. Bone.
com, 2#f that the latter was not in
busing on’ Janaary Ist te
ber 1#.. 1917, and wanted his:tusinags:
tax refluced accordingly.—Allowed two-
thindw! fen
\ratity tl? Ssreement botwoon Maken,
and Ambersthurg ro-the Mipito ae

On his rn. reduant Joho: Daley. wan:

4 @ ‘County
ae ee -‘Leamia on ze
Messrs. Donik é te

ike, .

“Tt

B'S BREADS++4344e453 4475445 EE89

r: BRP WN gave. notice ef: by-Inwe toy

ALL BREADS
ARE NOT
THE SAME

Any fair test shows the Best of Bread to be

CURTIS BREAD

Try it and know for yourself the “delicious” flavor
that's baked into this wholesome Bread.

TE me
ALL KINDS BAKED GOODS ON HAND.

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont

£

ofe

+t
+
cs
+
+
+
+
*
fp
f
Ge

deobinbeceatecbedorbesfoteebecntoolecfnfeolecfofoofesbedeofefenfeoleuefecfet

 

TIRES
- Traction Tread

DUNLO

pecial Tread

PDI F>

More. People-.buy ~~
DUNLOP TIRES

PPS

SSSSESSSETS

>>>

>>

#299929)

Ss
>>>

3 made fram
Government War Standard Flour:
Equally ‘as nuttitious and appetizing aS the baat

loaf af bread.ever made fram high patent flour.’
One trial will camvince you.

OTH

=

og:

31-37 Salter Ave

For aale in Amhoratburg at 4 H, Lovegrove's, G, Te
Sen's, G. F. Girardin’s, A; J. Burn and John fakente; 7 Piet «

Seld'In Harrow by W. R. B : :
and G. Laagis & Son. sabe = an eee by Bawplet Bros,

Li

&

ften there i occasio: :
suiitimene that pan only be

2>>>>>2>>>>>>>>>>>>D>>PPIDP> >>>» PP? PPP>DPD DP

ttethpeee

SEES EE EEE bee tel.

FEET EEE ED

#34 GV3UE SUSHLOW ++

ueue

mdunte in 7
Univemity nt
ne” Ubed forthe ¢

eTown 1a

RB. H, ABBOTT, ¥.p.

HYSICIAN AND SUROKG:
P Queen's University, ingen ars {aslo g

yelcians and Surgeons, Oniarig, Gouin
rr a tie
Amhersi pS Waterwony :

DR. A. E. STEWART. —

HYBICIAN AND SURGEON,
P 3 aoe erD Sepa yg Ultice, MeoGregt

Toly) 2G, a
North. Ti one j Calehi
Tolophone arta YT HF Sandwich South

DR. W. C. DOYLE, itp.

R, W.C. DOY. 4
D "ono sredaathey Wesco sf W. M

London ; Mem berof the College of iat,

and Surgeons of Yelcinns E
of residence on Tabor Bane In bawement

Electric Ry walttng. room

connection. Spec
diseases of women and Surgery,

B* RRIBTER Solicitor,
veyancer, 4c,

loan. r
‘yancer,
BARRISTERS Sollettors, &c. Officon tn the
‘i

WALTEK G, HARTLEr, ~ LLB,
ARRLSTERS, SOLICITORS, ETC., J
pornos bace for the Count
DAVIS & HEALY,

FRED. Hy A. DAVIS, 4
Amherstburg. Money tolo : 7 Blroe
Davis Block, Windaor. Money to joan,
Gro. A. UBaunAnr, ayes Lixis
Rodd, B- A, LB. Connty Crows Pee
KS. Wigte,
McHugh, Storia Bh
Bette sone; SULISTERS, NOTARI
V indsor.

Dalhousie street,
BAsester, Solicitor, Notary Pabiic, coy.
Th oh
BARTLET & BARTLET,
Alex. R. BARTLET. B.A,
RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,
torney and Clerk of the Pe
OMicea Victoria Block, Winiterr:
Money to Loan, Medley loc
Healy.

FD. Davis, Br A. ALF,

JAMES B: McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etc., 27 pa
Bullding, Windsor, Ont. soso

loan on farm proporty atlowest current rat
FRANK W. WILSON,

BAkeeren, SOLICITOR, Notary Publig

and Conve: ‘ancer, (of the Ontario and
British Columbia Bars.) Money to loan on
Farm Pro; rty ut lowest ratea of Interest
Office Labelle Building. Corner Ouolletts
anddoudon Ste Windsor, Ont, “Phone Zl,

W. A. SMITH, LL.B.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, NC ‘a
Kingsville, Ont, Hee gas!

LAIRD & LAIRD.

ROVINCIAL Layd Surveyors and Co: t
Engineers. Office, Dmiatan Block, (ap

stairs) Town of Essex, Unt, .
J. J. NEWMAN, %

TVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LA

SURVEYOR, Drainage wor Spec
Fleming Block, Windsor, Unt, = sally

CLARK & ATER,

JCENSED Auctionoern for. Esjex Con:
L Ome at Harrow, Ontario, ssid
CHARLES CLARK, GEouGE Avan,

q

High Class Monuments a Speciaizy.

: LEAMINGTON Pal,
Granité ana Warble Works

C, A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices,

Paene 775 LEAMINGTON; ONT ~

Funeral Directors

louse of quality,
4rato equipment when desired.

148:Oustiette Ave. WINDSOR, Ont,
| Phone ®5. gee Sa

Veterinary Surgeon; <=

Office and fealdonco :Dalhovale at) oe p
near Wiglo's ill. Awihordtburg, Bell hale,
vhouo No. 162*Calls anuwered day or night a

x

pbc teeta eh ieebbb

? Automobllists
ll

A SULL LINE OF
Auto Accessories, Oils,
Gasoline, Tires, Etc.

AT OUR GARAGE. -

Vong Done
195,, bi

heb $rtesede

a a ae

Ph one a

Meee tinted te dette fete He de teat

3

was FICE: (6, hore
hip of

im ett, peau
cover:

 

 
ty

induce you to try the first packet of

is PU = ne * Poe
but we rely absolutely on the inimitable flavour :
and quality to make you a permanent customer,

We will even offer to
you will

Full infotmation abou

Give this first trial free i
drop us a postal to Toronto. mee it

Bila

Waylaid

Straight wails in the
deep firepot of the
Sunshine Furnace pre-
vent ashes from col-
lecting and absorbing
the heat instead — of
allowing it to do its
work in heating the
home—one of tht feat-
ures that make the
Sunshine’ the kind of
furnace you want for
your home,

t the Sunshine Furnace

will be sent free to any address upon request to our

nearest Branch Office.

M°Clarys

, Sunshine

Furnace*®

‘Toronto
Calgary

London

St. John, N.B.

Montreal
Hamilton

Saskatoon

am iv"
Vancouver a

Winnipeg
Edmonton

 

Royal. Purple
Roup Cure,

. -Stock Specific,

Stock Specific
Chick Feed,

Calt Meal & Worm Powders
Liniment.

7 W. T- WILKINSON.

HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE.

Phono 97

FEEDING BRAINS -
Why Studious Children Always Crave|
Oatmeal

f

Nature gives onts more- organic phos |
phorus than to any other grain she grows. |
And phosphorus is the brain’s main con-
Stituent. Brains can’t grow, brains can't

out it. ay |
contain more lecithin—the nerve |

" any other grain. ‘hey form our
Btcatest energy food.

That's why growing.children Jove oat-
Some instingt withimthem culls for
lements, amd woe to the child who

yet all it wants, ‘
Tight gata for food4ige the rich,
In the choicést oats there
tinds tothe bushe). In mak~
uker Oats (hese choice grains are se-

ted by 62 separate siftings.
cr Qats—justithe cream,of the oats
Fy bul _onehalécent per dish. One
dish worth two dishes of common oat-
meal. “Don't you think it would pay to

‘erve your children such oats? ~ +

Mad ia Canada, (1724

HOW'S THIS?

Weoffer One Hundred: Dollars Re-|

ward for any -case of. Catarrh that
ss be cured by Hall’s Catarrh

ure, id e

F. J. CHENEY & CO,, Props., To-
ledo, O, ,

We, the undersigned, have known
F. J. Cheney for the last 15 years,
and believe him perfectly honorable tn
ai! business transacticns and. finan-
cially able to carry out any obliga-
“ons made by his* firm.

NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE
»-* Toledo, O,

Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken ‘inter-
nally, acting directly on the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system, Testi-
Monials sent free, Price 75. cents per
bottle. Sold by_all’ Drugeists,

FISH

Vnited farmers of Ontario decided
“t a branch meeting in Downsview,
lant “week, task for two months
harvest leave. for ona Wde farmers

pe tha army. 5

on (a gol! — ast

Amit, fathers iasareet

a to drive a red. yards—
* y oaunhi

AMHERSTBURG

CANADIAN NEWS.

A porcupine was killed on a street
in Belleville. ’

William Marynuk, unter arrest for
now in session at the Ontario Agricul-
from Cobalt gaol in daylight

The Grand River Railway has been
permitted to incrense its freight and
yaishenger rates 15 per cent.

Bodies of four foreigners, evidently
murdered; were found On a home-
stead near Grande Prairie} Alta.

Arthur Leavoy, sixteen yéars, old, of
Valleytield,.Que, was drowned off a
wharf at Kingston whife chasiiig a rat.

The *Savoy, hote) in London  re-
leased every man who was needed for
the army or navy dnd js ényploying
women.

Indjffh Chiefs’ Council of the Six
Nations decided to make a registra-
tion of thefr own on the regerve near
Brantford.

If the United States declares war
against Turkey the armies in the
Philippines’ may oe used against the
Ottoman Empire: E

Hamilton city council has  pur-
chased 8,000 tons of coal and hope
to secure ahother thousand tons from
Scranton before winter.

The National Bank at Scott, Ques
was broken Into by-robbers, who blew
open the safe with nitro-glycerine. A
large sum of money was stolen.

Agricultural produéts exported fronr
Canada in April and May totalled only
$54,270,987, us compared with>$83,236,-
184 for the same period Just year.

Manitoba’s Wool crop baw exceeded
all previous records, more than a4,
000 pounds haying been clipped. “This
fs hearly double last year’s output.

The Summer Sctiool for Teachers,

now in sessfon athe Ontario Agricul-
tural College, has some four hundred
in attendance, the largest number on
ecord,
a Dr. J. P. Rankin, ex-M. P. for South
Perth, Was fined $60 and costs for giv-
ing & man & prescription for whiskey
when in the opinion of the court, it
was not needed,

All the married women teachers, ex-
copting. wives of soldiers, hove been
summarily dismissed from- Winnipeg
Public wchools. The dismissals total

m teachers.
sat the resnolt of pe a re
highway robbery, made his escap
Lares 85, is dead, and George: Mac-
donald is lying-in the hospital in a
precarions condition. _
“While using gasoline’ to do some
cleaning at her residence in Blenheim
Saturday afternoon, Mra. McCallum,
'wite of Thomas McCallum,, drayman,
of that town, wai so severely burned
‘that death ensued after six hours of
Bs 2

intense “suffering. ih Sey eke

SANDICH SOUTH.
- Paquette,
This “district is in mourning for
Ptes, Ruasell aad Norman O'Netl, who
‘| Were two of he $9 members of the
Canadian Army Medical Corps drown-
ed off the howital ship Ljandovery
Castle, which W483 \ornedoed on the
27th of June miles fic Jreland.
Their names ®ppear in the omotal
Net reported it. Both yougg mon
Went overseas #th the 99th Bartalion.
On the breaki up of the 99ih. they
were transferrd to the C. 4 mw. &,,
were transferred to the C.A NG. and
Were engage?in France, pot about
& year ago wee gassed. or several
months past ofpy had beey employed
on a Hospital dlp carrying wounded
from England to Canada, any taking
nurses and medici) am back over.
seas. They were in Halifax fhree
weeks ago, and. jeined the hospiia}
ship Liindovery, Russell Is a son of
William J, O'Nej], and Norman is a
son of Wm, §. O'Neil, both, of Sand-
wich South.

TOWN OF ESSEX.

The Public School Board has en-
gaged Miss Ida James, of Chatham, to
take the First Book r¢0m, vacated by
Misa Rae, who has secured a school at
her home at Alvinstoi

J. A. Dowswell and family left last
week for Simcoe, wher? Mr. Dowswell
will be engaged during the holidays
with his brother on his farm in aid-
ing in more. production.

Bickus Simon was driving along
the Malden Road in Maidstone with
his auto delivcery car on Thursday of
last week when he had the misfortune
to upset in the ditch near S. Fitch’s.
The auto was filled with gooda at the
time. The diteh fs about eight feet
deep at that point, and the auto waa
badly damaged, though Mr. Simon es-
caped injury.

Hiss Hally Johnston, who has been

the past two years, has resigned her
position as teacher of languages, hay-
ing acceptéd @ position on the Mid-
land High schoo) staff. The Board
have engaged Misa M. Decou, whose
Mother now lives in Detroit, but who
has been teaching the past four years
in Forest. The Board has engaged
Mr. Ramage, of Mitchell, as science
teacher, to succeed Mr. Dgvies, They
will enter on their duties after the
holidays,

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Duridg the thunderstorm Tuesdiwy
night of last week Colin Neville ‘had
two 2year-old and one 3-year-oliil colt
killed by lightning, Dan Corlaitt, of
Olinda, also lost a valuable workk horse
in the same way,

Ruthven.

Red raspberries are ripeniing fast,
and from present ndicationms next
week will see many large shiipments.
The berrie# are of splendid quality
this year, and the bushes are: loaded.
Black, raspberries are also plentiful.

jo The Ruthven Cold Storage Ciomapiy

hds been*amalgamated with i{he Erle
Co-operative Association of Wieaming-
ton, The firm is erecting a fime build-
ing near the Pere Marquette, station
here.—The [0.0.F. Relief Assioctation
members will meet in thelr inl! Here
on Tuesday, July 9th, to elect a repre-
sentative to attend the annual maeting
of the O. R. F. A. to be held at Kiings-
tom-on Wednesday, July® 24th.—Jjohn
MeCormick, of Pelee Island, Js tihe
guest of his diughter, Mrs. Wealley
Lord.—Lafayette Esseltine, who, way
at Tilsonburg last week, and had 4g!
slight paralytic stroke, is at his-hoime
here and {a much improved {p health,
~=George Sheridan,
Leamington waterworks, is at his |
home here spending two weeks’, holf- |
days.—Dr. Peter Bruner, who hias been |
the guest of friends and relatives here
for two weeks, has returned to. his
home at Caigary.—As a result of two
‘plendid showers last week, the crops
are in perfect condition, Tomntoes /
iré-ripening fast atid hundreds of
bushels will be shipped. next week.
Early beans dre bing sold in large
quantities, and at fancy prices. Wheat
and oats never looked better and will
soon be ready for eutting. “The wheat |
is turning rapidly. The grain in. firm
and promfses a record>yield, A few
cherries are@&being picked,. but thig’
jcrop will b@ exceedingly light. The
large acreag@of corn Is the \best seen
hero in years, and much of it {a al-
ready out In fanse). 7

——————

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Elford. ;
Thomas Piper, who was called to
London last week, has Deen givén 30
days’ leave to-ansist his father on the
farm.—Milton Elford, whois teaching
school at Flint, near, Pt. Arthur, hag
arrived at his home here, His, wife
accompanied tim, and they will re-
main here for the holidays.—Miss Ne)=
He Farrell, who bas been engaged as
teacher of Elford school the past year,
has resigned Wer position here and
left on Tuesday for her home at Glen-
coe, where she purposes remaining.
Gesto,
_ Fy Prown & Son have the founda+
tion and basement completed’ for * 2
new housé on DP. Spindier’s farm at
‘se corner of the rear road and the
Sth concession —/phe girls of the Sun«
shine 8. 8. clas: with their teacher,
Miss Annie V@lade, held « plento in
the grove On Tuesday afternoon. The
election of officers for the class re-
sulted an {Ollows:—Pree, Hazel: Bak-
er; Ist Vice, Mabel Hart; Soc., Bthel
Spinks; Treas. Lydia Kennedy; Flow-
or Committee, Mildred -Valado and
Gladya “Kennedy—, number of the
fridnds of Miss Grint, who has resign-
od her position 48 teacher of the Ges-
to.school, tendered her a jinen shower
at T. A. Kennedy's on Thursday. after-
noon of last week. “At iyq conclusion
ot tho. social hour spent. yunch
erved. Miss Grant has gong to
home in Brampton ‘for fi, summer
holidays, and ft 18 expeced that she
will give up teaching: —1x Geato.
Ladies’ with thefr husbands aily orher
mn,

members of the ther.
ed at the parsonage on are & ;
Tant, and presented Rev, Pag Sere
‘and wife with an address . sing
ss Si eet to
, ) tt

ing Mrs, Millson with a gold

on the staff of the Essex High : Government interpreter translated Jet-
|
|

éngineey at ied

Pee. oon a

Mre. Adam Wallace, of Comber, and
Mrs. T. Barry, of Windsor, were badly
injuréd in a motor accident Inst Mon-
day at Tilbury. When going over a
bridge their car turned turtle. Mrs.
Wallace had two bones of the left
forearm fractured and Mra. Barry
fractuued two ribs. Dr. Brisson, of
Chatham, who was in Tilbury for
holiday, vwas- called to the scene and
attended the injured Indies. The phy-
sician reports that they are dojng as
well as can be expected.

a  —

COLCHESTER NORTH.

en a
* Cottam.

During the electric storm om ‘Tues-
day night of last week, the barna. of
John S. Queen and Ves Relive were
struck by lightning and slightly dam-
aged, while Dan Corlett, of the 7th
Gon., bad a work horse killed in the
field.—Foreast, son of Sherman
Hawkes, had his hand badly cut on
Saturday last, several stitches being
required to close the wound. He was
assi6iing to put on a load of hay when
the fork broke, and one of the tines

stfuck his hand, inflicting a gash in
same,

WINDSOR.

David A. McKinney “announces. the
marriage of his sister, Annie Mitchell,
to Albert B. Smale, of this city, by
Rev. Arthur Carlisle, Saturday, June
2oth.

In the arrest of Andrew Babanko,
26, alleged co-conspirator of John Per-
chuda, who was committed’ for trial
in charges of seditian; the police. be-
Ifeve they have uncovered a contin-
ant-wide plot to overthrow Inwful au-
thority and establigh a regime similar
to that instituted in Russia by Trot-
zky and Lenine. Arraigned in the po-
lice court Friday Bobanko pretended
not to understand English when the

ters written by the “accused to’ or
ganizations of “Union of Russian
Workmen” in Montreak and other Can-
adian cities, In thése letters the local
authorities were termed “parasites,”
while members of the union were urg-
ed to keep up the fight against “bloody.
militarism of Canada.” Yours for
anarchism and communism,” he wrote
under his signature as secretary of the
ganization; . This, according to the
mterpreter, is the slogan of the officinl
organ of the Russian group of anarch-
ists in America. Books _containing
minutes of secret meetings held in a
disused school house at Ford City
were put in as evidence by Crown At-
torney Rodd. Babanko was committed
for. trial at the next sitting of the On-
tario Supreme Court.

 

LEAMINGTON. _

The many friends of Wesley Morse
were pleased to see him out on Fri-
day last for the firat time
lengthy illness,

One of the best pieces of tobacco in
thenocality is being grown by J
Mutrie, of the Merchants’ Bank. He
has neatly two acres of the Warne
leaf in the Brown Subdivision to which
he devotes his attention after office
hours, and the tobacco fs showingeup
splendidly, “i

J, A.’Dale, B.A, Principal for the f
past six years of Myrtle street school,
St. Thomas, has been engaged as
Principal of Leamington Public school
in suecession to Principal Daniude,
Who has accepted a principalship at
Port Arthur.

~ KINGSVILLE.

J. Wigle, who tas” heen in’ Al-
}berta for some time, ‘arrived _home
|here last week. He reports that the!
season in Alberta has been very dry.

Dr. Jenner and Dr. Fullax of Wind-
sor, operated on Elva, youngest daugh- |
) ter of B.C. Scratch, Section, on Tues-
j day of last week, for appendicitis: Dr.
| McKenzie ‘administered the anaes-
thetic. Thé patient came through all
right and is doing nicely. :

At.2 meeting of Greenhill’Cemetery
Committee the following officers were
elected: J. T. Miner, Presfdent; Leon-
ard Malott, Vice-Prea.; G. W, Coats-
worth, Sec.-Treas.; Dlreetorg—Philip |’
\Fox, Gordon P. Fox, Theodore Wigle,
Sherman Scratch, Chas. Jackson, Ar-
thur Conklin, Byron Wigle, Nelson Al-
Jem, Roy Allen, Solomon Coatsworth,
Burwell Malott, George Cady, Jolin
Pearce, Wm. Dalton, Frank Laramie.
. Pte, Morden Nichols arrj¥ed at tils
home in Chatham last week, from the
front with both legs amputated, one
above the knee and the. other above
the ankle. _He is just 17 yenrs old
now, having enlisted when he was fif-
teen... He will be remembered here,
‘having attended school; threo years
ago. _His’father was invalided home
Q yoar ago amd he has three brothers
vat the’front. His parenta lived on
Queen street when here .

An order came from St. Thomns on
Tugsday of last week from the man-
ager of Gas Companies to shut off the
gas from all concerns using it to make
steam. This hits the street railway,
the’ town pumping plant and the
Brown & Wigle Co. We presume the
order comes from tho Railway Board
‘and that it fs final. Up til the present
there his been considerable | uncer-
tainty In) the matter and the order will
no doubt find some institutions unpre-
parod for the’sudden change.

B, W. Sandison, of-Hollywood, Cai,
died on June 27th. Mr. Sundison was
Q brothey-in-law of Mrs. Devitt and of }
Nélson ©, Wigle; of this town) ‘His
wife Wag 0 daughter of thé late Theo-
dore Wigle. The family have Ived in |:
California for over thirty years, De.
ceased had been in poor health for
some time. He was sovénty-throe
years of “ge and leaves a widow and
one daughter at home, ant sons
aH two daughters ma

aljformin. ’
~The Monthly meetin

since: his

Fred.

c . The attend-|
lance rather limited. “The Prosl-4
ident, Miss Ritchie, Pocupiegae ‘chair,
sand: the devotional exercises: wore in

arge Of Mrs. J. B. Kénnedy, who
titom of & consecrational nature,
seotor tt was tha firat meting of the,
Ww. your for the union. “The, repor
: and adopted, and the.
Mews \arihing out of the con)
‘ ito, Several men

T.R FLOOD & SON,

You save money
on your soap

Buy Comfort Soap—the bigger bar of the same old high quality—at the same
price, Of couree, there are no premiume now—but you're getting full value,
“pressed down and running over” in Soap instead. -

The premium-making factories have either stopped manufacturing or else they
can't get boats to ship with. So we've thrown the whole of our tremendous
buying.power into getting soap materials only and you now get all your money's

worth in Soap—Comfort Soap, the largest seller
in Canada, Sei :

We ‘can buy good soap materials”
but we can't buy good premiums

Certainly that will be so until after the war. You will get
the benefit in the bigger Comfort bar,

without
premiums

A bigger
bar now

All Comfort wrappers and coupons vided out will be re-
deemed, Send 'them in early while our present Premium
supply is still good. Write us for premium list.

13 Pugsley, Dingman & Co., Limited, Toronto

STEAMER :

“PRLEE?
SUMMER TIME TABLE, 1917

Taking Effect May 12th
Baylight Saving Time
MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY

Leavos West Dock 8.00 a.m,

Scuditery , 8.40 om.
Arrives Leamington 0,00, am.

Kingsville 0.45 am.
Loavesy Kingsvilln 3.46

Leamington 5 » 4.45
FRIDAY
Leaves K ville
scomington —.
Seudder Dock,
Westi Dock, Io!
Sandusky
Nailsen’s “Dat
Weet Dock
Scudder
Leamington
| Kigaaville

—has made it the fa- Te htcaves Wont HRD NESDAY 5
vorite “sweet ration’ Arrives

Seudder
‘ Ambersthburny
Windsor, Hurle
of the Allied armies. 2 [Nerve
{ ff

po KU
meek 1

—the benefit, the, af
pleasure, the economy)

m@ of a Sc patkage of

| WRIGLEY'S

Arrives
Leaves

Arrives

Windsor ae
Amherstburg «. Es
West Dock, Pelee «12.45 p
For Scudder and Shore Ports.
This time table subjects to change with"
out Notice, ‘
te This Company reserves tho right to
refuse passage to objectionable persons.
tx7~ Not responsible for goods not prop- *”
omy, Addressed and tagged.
ddress ali communications to Windsor

* 7 :
it S the handlest, cin pT Jian Steamship Co., Limited,
longest- lasting te- ji sirens,” are W. A. BAKER,
freshment he can. Se note
Carry. }

—selid it to your friend
at the front:

 

- a

‘L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

Motos Embalmoer, Murray 8t.-
Amherstburg. Diy or nighE
Phono,20

CHEW. IT AFTER
EVERY MEAL

BUFFALO DIVISION.
Eastern Standard Time.

In’ effect November 10th, 1917.
"Going Going
West. East.
No, 7 No. 8

p.m.

Blenheim .......,. 6.38

v. Merlin %... >» 6.09
». Conteworth ..:.....5.55
.. Wheatley ... +2 5.40
-. Leamington .....,..5.22 »
: Ruthven ... + 514
« Kingsville ... +» B08"
wnewncea Medd:

veveey MeGregor ,....2. 5.4.28

moe The Flavour Lasts

- In Canada .

ws Se Ss ee ee

“GOLD-MEDAL” |
+ = 32 s soraes Walkerville ,.....5 406 >
Z ’ = . — : R. W. YOUNG, ‘D-P.A.,.
‘ ane i, apt = ae ane a tg ke Cae 4 London.
. 4 a 2 } | W. BEB. WOLFENDEN, G)P.A.
is = Detroit» :
C. MITCHELL, Agent, Harrow.

|S. W.& A. RAILWAY
“SUMMER TIME TABLE,

earn fon oe en
Ain ‘ beer com y m2 In offect ind, 1918. 2
Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds. ' nea pecans Windior Amharais :
ae ie = é ae oe, AS, 60) m- burg: :
; } RIO. _ jf} Tecumseh Windsor heratburg Windsor
om, Am. “om. m4;
6.30 . 616 7.00. “@:16 -
7.00 ~ 715° 8.00
7.30. 7.45
; 8.15 -
9.15
10.16.
Ih15.

i

 
 

¢

anendecdenfectoctortsnfesteotocte fonlooh mfeofenfenfeodecteconfecteotoote

noe tanendededoe beleeooofefefebebeeoforbnbes

Announcement!

There Will Be No Reductions in the Price ef Men's Spring
Suits. Every Sull im the Store is Werth Faby
$5 Mere Than Our Price Teday.

Have You Thought What It Means to Buy a Superior Quality
cae. Eaglish Blue Serge Suit for 345?

The average man hasn't given amy consideration to the fact that
clothing prices are famping by bounds. Bat, it is nevertheless a fact
that the kind of Clothimg offered today may be very hard of dupli-
cation later even at 59 per cent. additional cost

Ve do mol suggest plunsing and baying for far into the future,
t for present or near needs buy now. Try one of our custom toade
rE Scits with an extra pair trousers—the satisfaction im ft and
s worth & great deal It is mot to eariy to be think
winter overcoat—whille we 2 plenty of

You krow the kind ve mean The kied thar Gts over the whole‘
dress ‘Sq tha! @ womes c2z get out and do ail kinds of work without
worrying a>7at ruining ber clothes, because, please remember, that
more asd mo: bit im ope way or another ard

2 Vaigeg 2 Bome garden are ren-

stoodestectostosfectostosbostostosfosfestesfondosfees

be

nasip
ing aboct your. fall cr
cholic

SILK SHIRTS

Our Men's Shop Wants to Emphasize Par-
ticularlo the Quality of its
Silk Shirts at $4.50.

2 curtains and beary hanginzs are down. but
cartaims? Cool, airy looking draperies make a
attractive. fat cooler. Mamy cs s2zh curtains

find aimost any color or designs desired ard

.... 15e to 50e
ortaies, $1.65 to $6.09

made; kav drasn-rork borders
Ampie selection. so as to secure the
We urge immedicte choice

Plenty of Grass Rugs to Help Make the
and inviting for Semmer

nade Just as inviting as po
= Black aye at war will emphasize ti point
; ¢an be as ijttle as you want to make it, for
a practicaliy every size. in very pleasing colors
ranging from 7Se for the smaller sizes to

BARTLET, MACDONALD & COW

“a

exdidiy tailored

$4.50

garden

mble

Slolelespobatetefeel

2
and

ae $3.
le of Silk Gloves

Special Sa

Stik Gicres

 

 

 

Tue Ecuo

Publishes by

THE ECHO FRIN'ING CO., Limited

JOHN A: AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President Sec.-Treas. Sinasac.

, FRIDAY, YULY 12th,” 1918 Rev. H. A

Ft ob

v

ce neat week.
ivin Smdsac was in London
her husband, Pre

AND

- BUILDING MATERIAL

Being Moved to- the OMadden- Corner, Opposite
My Store.

Sunday afternoo
trary to Scriptu:
Unwholesome in Its Effects.”

Dg not-jump at conclusions and com-
grata your friend upon his healthy
appearance, as t are imfated times
ind he may pos y have the mumps

4 Still’ in “home i ing busin
- to stay in spite off rumors: There is
nothing in fnrmiture we do not carry,
at close figures. L.Bertrand, Phone
)20, Murray Storee>. Amherstburg.
ses Miss Glitiys-Thrasher entertained a
number wf trer friends from Sandwich
and Walkerville to a two o'clock birth-
[ i I g reached her thir-
by her grandmoth-
ardson, of Walker-

We have Everything Builders Require and
immediate attention to all orders .

tth year, giv

er, Mra. C. W. Ri
erville 4

é Mother Mary Patricia. of St. Ursu-

. {\Is’s, Academry, Windsor. and her niece,

Sister Mf. Carolina. of Holy Name con-

ent, Spent two days-Imst’ week with

her mother, *irs. MbpMeeban. Mr. and

M John E. Brown and ‘daughter

et were also visitors at Mrs.

sfeobobebeseobeteclefeteseelosdeseolodesoofonteooebedesfoled

i fat Londor

polnied~as
Fistitution, :
| ciitte

te

. GIBB

and Builders’ Supplies
AMHERSTBURG
efaconionie

| Witi
jot

cr)
heard from t

| |
Grain, Seeds
ey

iills of corn is a. good

? Alexander Rochéleau,

t 74. raised the question by
5 hills in one day, that fs

100 Hills long by 32 hills

wiide. Thos+ who have a knowledge

of thow much the ordinary man does,

thiink that this is a mighty good show-

ings for anybody. Mr. Rocheleau was

jjate Internment of all male | me the worse of his feat.! +

jens of 18 years and older This {s sare some fast age and we

out Great Britain was recom- would advise all nervous people using

on Monday by the parllament- highway to beware, as-we notice

= ipolnted by Premier | following have developed the

ntly to look Into the mania: Elie\Dube, a Chevrolet;

ation of ajl women | at} . a Ford; Frank Thrash;

was recommended. - and Jerry Fryer, a Chevro-

urt@er urged discharge _ We expect that many of the ani-

1 Government employees, | ™uil Kingdom will have joined the an-

ing up of banks and ‘busi-|£#!_ before the foregoing get pro-

2 owned or operated” by | ficient.

ums received

anadiang regis-

¢ 22nd The number of |<,
registered in : 122 con-
complete re-

ed was 1,136,-

¢ registrants number-

a

é

ke
+
&)
|
ote
te}

Ae

STORE |
LIGHTS THE WAY

WITH A LIMITED NUMBER OF MATCHES ~
AT»11 CENTS PER BOX:

“a, ——

The above indicates the prices that prevail-at this

#

sfesonberte'

end

Loiselleville. 5

night*there will be a

the farmers of Sandwich

id Anderdon“townships, in the
brought about in the hn the Baptist hall, for the pur-

streams indicating that the)» of orgunizing a branch league of
Northland tannot have in abundance /tilie United Farmers of Ontario., It is
trout” These .anj- | ‘in the Interest pf all to be present. In
wh en Ontario its ;@ur day the farming class needs or-
national dam» the trout} ganization, like all industrial bodies,
Streams, causing a very filthy condi-|if they want to succeed in their work
h proves to be the breeding fom the farm, and: have their rights
piace ‘pf bacterial vermin that preys|amd liberties respected. This~ meet-
oft 2 thaching themselves- to,in® {8 Called for all, irrespective: of
lsheg gills andveating them out to|race and creed, Prejudice has a ten-
the back bone. - The result is that;demcy to disappear in this ‘country.
|these streams are being rapidly de,|¥OU will help in its disappearance by
| pletedof this splendid food fish, which |Joiiming and becoming a. member of
| cannot live unless in 4 running stream. ,hils reat organization. Be brothérs

Sportamen returning from fishing | méeit
trips to New*Ontarlo report a condl-| We

+

ELOFe,

a 3
flere are a few. lines you will be Interested in: —

Kitchen’s Overalls, Union made and in -stripes—
per pair

Seal Brand C.& B. Coffee, per Ib
Dalley’s Coffee, per Ib...

a

sLelestesootesostetoobedosfcfosfsfosfontoseobeeofesfoofecleofecfoofnfecbesfeoe

Wright’s subject’ as }

Nice bulk Coffee, per ‘Ib
Eagle Brand Salmon, per can

Maple Leaf Salmon,.per can

Shamrock..Salmon, per can

| The question as to the surv{val of the|amd live up to it—Mrs. Cora Geof-
[fitter of these two branches—animals |friion, of Chicago, and her daughter

land fisli—will be up to the Department |Ewlalle, M. A. of St. Mary’s of the
jt datide 0n: “ ood University, Indiana. are visiting

——_ - their cousin, Rev. J. A» Loiselle—Fr.

§ A FBeor
Ford cx.

Tee cream sociak

at Heary jculin’s.
Rey Atén.

on an extended visti.

E Long sendwich.
Mrs. Rath Brash

Artuur and Parkhill
A. SeHars has
Pord car.

Miis Hazel

aunt.
Fred. Voweis,
spending his h

of

Miss Evelyn Ma
her kom

the p

Louise Gibb.

|

em point this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred
and visit
intter’s
An inspiring

Snes

the Pres

Campbell farm. were
i and Delia Do
of Detrolt, cand

Maldex

The
S. and Ladie:
héld at thé bot

4 Ne,

jX

—_—

has invested

iaaya
sina: Francis and Raymond Aailin.
tin has return

Mr. anti Mrs. William Sutts speat
Serday «ts relatives in Windsor

Trinity

Watch for dat= and place next wee
Mr. and Mrs. Felix Bezaire and little

dsachter. Gerera, spent last Sunday |

son of Edgar Atkin. bas/
arrived bowe from Sault Ste

Mrs. Vicor Pillon is spending some
time with ber daughler, Mre. George | ©

returned

after visiting ber brother and sister in

purchased a new
We wisa Mr. Sellars every
saccess with his new car. ;
Larabee, of Amierst-
barg. spent the past two « ;
gar Atkin's and Morris Sellars |
Tre Misses Corinne and 3 3
lin are spending ihe week with
Mrs. Pred. Mafi!

Th
with

Eimer Park was in London
4233 to see his son, Pte. Allan
who expects to be moved to an ¢ast-)

Martin and tur
. Evelyn. Bernard and Alvin. | 5
ed last Sunday With)
ter, Mrs. Edward Amiin_j
Missionary meeting
was held at the home of Mrs. i

ramlé on Wednesday, conducted 97}

ent of

nday visitors at Fred. Renaud 3. |

he Misses Jos-
Luc
ian Langlois,

George Bennet, son of W. Hi. Bon-| Beatrice Laz
nett. has returned ffom Harpeit hos-
e he underwent an operation
moval of his tonslie. He is

i
r-mesting of the W. 4M.

“Go
evening

TY ENCCERS,

ath of July
glois’ were Mr.

visitors at
and Mr:
and Mra

Th

r.. all of D
home furn z
in spite of rumors:

at close figures,

=

and. , mind

on at
prices.
~

he deleretecteclerterbeslerloolesfosfetocdsterlonloobooforfoofoofecfefesfosfosfonfeslonfinfonfoofeofeoleolesfocleofrfoofesfecfeefentesfesfonfenfoal

Good Clothes at BOUG’S--At Economy Prices

Indeed these suits are
wonderful in value giv—
ing. ‘There are styles for
men of all ages and*pat-
ters to satisfy all taStes

you

weaves are superior to
those you will get later
even advanced

Fast Mail

OVERALLS.

$1.50,

in a new

Sandwich

There is}
ng in furniture we do not carry.
L. Bertrand, Phone}
29, Murray Street Amherstburg.

"5 on evening, ) A + e = ,
sth, under the Eaapioas of the Wo-| Tie dry weather is having a, very
men’s lastitute. Admission 25c and] detrimantai effect on the tobacco chop.
15c. Proceeds towards patriotic work.) The varied and muitifarious : hap.
Good program. at the cabaretta the pazt tort.

Agen Quick, whp enlisted a fow/niztt has, to say the
cs age, and is sow af Carlinss)eryone agog. a5 the
| Haights, London,.has bore through a) ways happenin:
limedica! examination and is therefore} qi.¢ fs i} match on the Ward
put into Class C3. It is not thouzkt|tarm was attend
lthat he wii! go overseas for some Ume|ifusjsotic crord owing to the fact
that the Kelly Island team was oy.
ected, but they did not make their
arance, and thereby hangs a tajo
started out all right, bat aa they
the shores of Pelee and know.
the Island was bor2 dry both
a reahmenis as well 25 ell-
conditions, and having séveraj
acs of Crystal Rock, the beer that
jmade Sandusky famous and Mil-
waukee jealous, and Pelee Island ep.
vious, they decided that discretion
was the better part of valor, and forth.
with demolished the delicious beyvey.
age, and after this pleasant task way
over they didn’t care whether they
played baseball or climbed trees. Hoy.
ever, we hope that in the near future
they will be’ im a more charitable
frame of mind. If they don't, they
etto}scarce or are holding ow: for the|ought to be for we are all one great
ending |iong salaries: Recently fhe trustees: piz family anyway, and that Cryataj
o. Miss | of 5. No, 4 advertised a.month in| Rock—well that Crystal Rock is Crys.
; The Echo and a week in a Toronto} taj Rock.
Thurs-| Paper. receiving only one pea ene It is proposed to honor the ocraajon
Park, | 40d that from a girl with very little |of the homecoming of Private Leon-
*l experience. and nat adfficfently quali-!ard D. Brooks by a public reception:
|fied, although the salary offered was| Private Brooks, who joined- up {or
2|$739. The Military Service Act}military service as’ soon as his age
s picked up all male teachers of| would permit, has how returned io
itary age, so the Board did not{Canada from France, owing to sustain.
ct to have any applications from | {ng wounds»the nature of which rep.
mon, but they did reasonably oxpect to|/der him incapable of-further actiyi.
get 3 young lady with experience in| ties at the front: The loss of one foot,
teaching for the ary offered. Mir. | coupled with injury to arm and hand
MeCalium Teft 2% school splendidly | are reported in hia case. An entar.
reanized and easy to Manage. jtainment, at a Gate to be announced
June report for S. S. No. 5, Malden. !Jater wiil therefore be given in the
|Names in order of Those |town hall under the auspices of the
.jmarked with a * have -been absent.}

merit.
iv Gibb. HI Class—|

Joseph = Beaud

church. }

UNexpected ip gy.

1; it me.
ne PT pial Epworth League service
a eld in the Malden Methodist
ch on Tuesdiy evening. tL Jukes
a splendid tatk on oo Duty
he Home.” Rev. Mr. Snell was op
Monday | raed delegate to represent tie
League at the Summer School to be
held in Kingsville next week.
Marshall Enderby has just compl?
‘cA improvements to his big 26 ft. by
6 ft. barn, which gives him a modern
uilding In every way. the peer of any-
thing in the township. M. Halstead
m-;2nd Ezra Davey made and laid the
coment blocks for an eight-foot foun-
tlon under the weole strcctare.-This
mas. {s space wiil be divided into stables for
ais coy-| horses and cattle. :
: Public schoo! teachers either are

gaye

6 at Ed-

abel A
}

Forest)

the So-’

e Cluur 7 .
riotkc Association combined with the

jRed Cross (local branch) and other
Murton Dewey. Min-j patriotic institutions, when a varied
rright. Sr, li Class)and highly interesting program. now
e Goodchild. Inez: under consideration, will be present:
Stanley Brush.jcd. Proceeds to be devoted to the
5 Jr. If Claas—|Red Cross Society. A feature of the
Ivan Beaudoin, Leslie!
1 rs, Aaron) Wright. Sr.jis extended to all or any who may be#
jrace Ammer. Marie Gibb, Milt willing t9 assistuin it in any way—
hild. Dorey }musi¢ally, theatrically,
righ Langlois, }@te. “All-are cordfally invited. to vol-
church |!¥42 Marontate and Baldwin Dewey |unteer thelr sérvices for the occasion,
J Haze! Goodchild; Reford|Speechés from some of our friends
Primer.B—Lovedy Good-}from the mainland are expected.- ret
M Gibb (equal), Maur-! everyone who can come forward on
Marie Mar-|this ocezsfon to do bis or her bit-+!
Goodchild, oa Spee
Gibb and Nor-} Donald 3fcDonald, one of the best-
, Mark Beaudoin, !known residents of Sullivan township,
; *Dora Deneau, *Mae!}near Owen Sound, was dragged to
| French Ti 2 promotjon report will|death when his horses ran away while
Inet be publi d until the I or partihe was running a mowing machine
{of August’on account of Dr Maxvell’s| He Was hurled from the seat-and draz-
25 jsed several times around the field.
i an expert.on}
uch {

bef}

ty

{nie Pigeon, Ros
—Mae D=smeau,
Pratt, H

Do

X

~Alv

ing Teo
Bt ects at
subject: tJ
ate. Primer A-
Raby Jarriett; Mer.
Langiois (equal
Sellars,

Demos
Fred.|0f Au
Bondy] Y4cation.

business y grateful fo our neigh

for their yery generous

d the fire whieh deatroy-
3 Tr itaxtoicht.

D. McBhide- dn

Msiden, July Sth, 1048;

The gen
To us is

We someti id family.

bebe

Se

SATURDAY

MEN!_YOU CAN'T GO WRONG
WHEN YOU COME TO BOUG’S
FOR WEARABLES-THE NAME
“BOUG” IS TOO WELL ESTAB-
LISHED FOR “SQUARE DEAL-
ING” TO MISREPRESENT ONE
‘SINGLE “THING — THERE'S
MONEY TO BE SAVED FOR
SATURDAY BUYERS AT

~BOUG'S "CLOTHING HEAD-
QUARTERS.”

Great, big. service-

~ Wagon Umbrellas:
$1.50 able Sun and Water
Proof. Unibrellas, just.

the thing for market gardeners,
and while they last this is a -
mighty attractive price for ‘em

Boys who are keen for
good fitting suits will be!
delighted with the splen-
did garments gathered:
in this store. Norfolks:
of -ultra-fine fabrics,
charniing colors and the:
values presented -will be,
appreciated by TF dthers;
and Mothers. see

| Boys’ Cotton Jerseys:

White and blue ones, jn sizes
for’5 to 12 year olds—just the
most practical vacation gar-
ment and just look

the price for one

the

’

{Good Shirts

least. kept: ey. . J

ed by a large and en...

townsitip council and Pelee Island Pat. “

ie / proposed program fs that an invitation. °

rhetorically. 4

p

> $1.00

Canada’s new whéat crop will not|Lolselle is patting a last touch to the
reach the consuming public as flour}/new residence he has’erected-on the
for three months at least and in the ,nortih side of the river.” Thos. Brookes
meantime this. country. will be very |& Son. of Windsor, have the contract
short of wheat flour. We have—as |of painting and decorating same. It
has also the United States—shipped as|will ibe all completed in a few days
much wheat 28 possible fo the Allles,jand™ ready for occupation. A good
Riving them 4 Considerable share of opportunity for an intending buyer
our own norr#al supply fo help carry
‘then? over patil the new harvest has|ing Jittle village, close to the church
come onto tH@-market and the corner |and school.—The “Rev. Fathers
has been tusned:, The use of swhsts-|L’Hewebx, of Belle River; Laliberte,
tutes, therefore, becomes an impera-|of Rwscomb, and Gasmin, of Montreal,
tive necess/ty in this country and our| were in Loiselleville this week —The
people showld familiarize themselves | bans of Rem{ Hamelin, of Amherst-

: with methods successfully used in bak-| burs, and Adele Meloche, of Loiselle-
' : z < ing these g#bstitute flours, On the 1st) villle, were called for the first time

lof July the €@pada Food Board Order |I#st Sunday. © —« :
became effecti¥® requiring all public) 5
A ’ NEW STORE. :
J is pha _% b a

Maple Leaf. Salmon, small can
~The Best Table Supply House in Amierstburg. -
, a

Canada Food” Board License Number 81193.

mf John Grant

Toasted
PHONE 180

“f , ¥
“Shredded
Wheat :
* Biscuits —

”

Peelebebleletebseeh spell ealnbetetebebetedeeubebetebedetededededdebdo

Corn
_ Flakes
semmemamacesms Amberstharg - Ont.

ke

to use 10% sifstitute flour. On ithe Sarnia citizens have taken up the

i6th of July this percentage isto be
increased 10. 2o%, in all of Canadia east

of Port Arthur. The question then
will arise in each ousckeeper’s Mind,
what are substityten for wheat flour,
where can they ?¢ had and how are
they to.be used. Substitutes a5 de-
‘fined by the new 13% Include wine
, shorts. corn flour, #7 meal, ¢dible
Jcornstarch, hominy, oP grits,
‘Iflour, rolled oats, oaimeal, rice,

are to be seen all over the city. O
settled on the busiest mer ands
cagsed ome excitement before being
removed. PES Snes Bt

bakeries, and pfivate, households also, “In an effort to save sugar, many
|

We. have that GOOD OIL for Yoor mach ineyy:
Oe Also, Binder Twine and Berry: Crates. —

‘The balance of our Straw Hats at cost. a ii
ee es a F AC y Bare Ft mentl uss
cag Rear

“The Store for the
Board License Nu

who would like to locate in our thriv-|-

industry of beekeeping, and swarms |.

$2 and. $2:25 is what
they should ell for
and what they will
geil for after’ our
Present stock is
gone. Blue” and
striped * effects—all
sizes and tndeed
apectal per garment
~$1.50—don’t wait for

the price to go up— J

lay in a supply at the
$1.50-price.

| straw

Tf good materials,
good colors and pat-
terns, good work-
manship produces
good shirts,-certainly
jure rank high above
those ~ you'll © find
elsewhere” at like
prices. The best
showing in_ town.
“We Mean” — the
shirts will show for

themselvea. Priced},

up from—$1.00.

a

Yes, Sir, Mr. Man!
we have the best
looking ties ‘you ever
saw—best in -wear-
and best in values,
| Wide fouF in hands
of durable  silkg—
handsome in pattern
and we have a most
Borgeous display to
make pleasing selec- |,
.Gons from. Come
Satumlay and make
your Choice.

Mechanics will uwet~
come these. aprons,
becaus © they offer f.
such™ splendid val-
ues. — Theytre mado
ah sia harabie seelb
—long_ length— f°
designed: with pock- |
etc and hib. F
Men, you'll have ta)
search to find better:
values than these if |

you look elvewhere. f

Raincoats in a Final

Raincoats ‘have bean going out -
every day in a lively manner and

fs it any wonder
prices have hoe

44 OFF. Get

when.

 
   

a8
ey
a
ire
ble
ay
at

or

 

4 re ee ee i ee weer oe ee . ee kk a et ew aw aa ew UY COU US Oe OY eT eS Se O'S y ER

%

     
    

 

“Ga

 

  

In Pre-War tithes we put forth every effort ard searched all the markets to buy staple lines as cheaply as possible. Manufac-

 
 

jurers selling these commodities were barely making an existence, and the same with their employees. To-day things have
changed. Prices have advanced, and all Operators,~Madninists, Manufacturers and Farmers are participating In the prosperity
that follows in the wake of WAR, We all know that high WAGES designate Prosperity, consequently we have -searched all the
markets to secure the BEST VALUES, so that quality will remain long after the price is forgotten. :

W. R. BOYGE €C0.

 
     
    
  
     
     
        

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  

 

t . HARROW. 4}

EREEEEEEL EEE EE LEED EEE EEE
Mr, and Mra. P. T. Clark Sundayed

at Essex.
Dr.-Colling and family motored to

London this week ta zeit ress
Miss Hyatt, of Wlieatley, was
quest of Miss Leita Vincent, last week. |] THE ¢SENTINEL STORE

Pte, Getty and B. Lounsborough, of | ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW.

(eer oY!
The Childs’ Story {38 "Siayette warm, Tast week.

: luncheon was served by Misses Eva
of the War

| Thompson. and Florence Hutchinson.
We have a quantity of them on hand Mr. and Mrs, Albert Fox were at
=Nos, 4 to 20—original pride 10c; now

Colchester on Saturday, He has pur-
Be each, Or the 20 numbers for SBe. chased’ a lot in the~Agla sub-division

and intends moving his cottage from
Edwin Wright's in the near future.
John Atkinson, who is.employed at

fhe. s ay ©. visitors at —— the B, M, moved his family.to Am-
Wieser wer, Sa : = ———= |herstburg on Monday. He had been

Thomas_Vincent's. , as Soe es
, F Pp. M. RESIGNS. employed at John Birch's ever since
Mrs. Bruce Bruner, Ik suomtee agus he ang from England several years
week in London with her husband. He : ]
2 5 overseas this week. After serving faithfully for 18 years | ago. Be
exer el 6S a as Post Master at Harrow, Thomas H. Charles-Tofflemire has two acres of
Mrs, Best is quite ill in Windsor.) 1.77135 has placed his resignation in) onions which are o beautiful sight.
Her. daughter, Mrs. Gordon Quick, | 11:6 hands of the Inspector of Post Of- | They are already running in’size from
was called to her bedside Saturday. |qoo3 to take effect on August Ist, or jhen’s eggs to teacups and ought to net |
Pte. Ivan McLean, of London, 15), goon as the Department can se- their grower a very nice sum when
enjoying a. short “furlough, at home.| cure a successor. Mr. Ferriss 18 now | harvested.
Pte. Philip Wright has a thirty-day|in his 74th year and feels that after | While R. K. Buchanan was not the |
50 years of public life in one sphere | first in the vicirilty with ripe tomatoes
Mrs. Charles T. Arner moved last | or another he is deserving of spending ‘his gdtflen is now producing oodles of
week to her new home in Kingsville, |the rest of his days In whatever man: |them for the local market, “and the
recently purchased from ©, F. Hen-|ner he may choose, which surely can-|quality 18 s0 choice that they are
dershot. not be done in the position of Post selling like hot Na ae *
Reuben Arner’s famfly spent the Master, which>requires his- attention | Owners of lots In the Herring su

1 | ev he-. week and every |division are deserving of warm praise
akee c 7 their son| every day of t
week-end in I ondon, bidding the nvagic di f th y 2

he es overseas He has also/for the very noticeable efforts to
Johnmeneyrs as he goes ae [nat been enjoying his usual good | beautify, thelr summer plots with
nia we n

= health, which strongly {influenced his |fancy gates, wire fences and In other
All members of the I. O, O. F. lodge) gecision to give up the position. He|ways: ‘This portion of tite township

Aare requested to be present on Mon), appointed P. M. in January, 1901;/fs certainly a beauty spot.
day evening, as it {s the installation " SM Notice to Farmers,—Anyone want-
of officers, ing basic slag fertilizer, give your or-
Purchasers of Victory Bonds are re- der to F. W. White at once. The car
minded to call at the Imperial Banks} will be’ in about August 15th, and any

to get’ their bonds and have the cou- dne wanting same had better geb in
. their order carly, ag the Company will

 
   
  

 

 

leave.

  

The dinner was cooked
ona McClary’s Florence
Oil, Cook Stove—and
everything tastes de-

 
 

"= cooking’ gives perfect—
and economical—results.
No wicks to trim.
Actomatic oil supply.
Booklet free.

>.

    
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   

  

fe i age not guarantee spring shipments, so
7 5 i = . . ed not guarantees § ents, §
€ @ Mr. ant pe eae you had better secure what you«want
# ato wae : or = 3 = for this spring and fall while you have
‘ Willkerville, also motoring to Goder Loe naneono et It. F)W. Wiilte, Hak
z 4 R {ch during that time. tee . £8 3 WoW , Hs
Pp Thomas MeCallumt, whose sure. wie Mac ‘Halstead is completing blocks
; . / i iz burned to death at Blenheim fe. oth- for AJA. Michnel'sinew \arehouse in
fafer_day, ia a close friend of Jains Harrow, and ‘os soonyas that job is
: : i Drummondand freqwontly visite Ju finished will commence the work of
: Olly: COOK STOVES Wet. Winona “Yarrow. Lodge, No, $09, 10.0F Bette t A: B. Herring's tobacco barn,
5 a luo utomatio jarrow Lodge, No. $09, 1.0.0.F,, ation of A. B. Herring's tobacco barn,
: yy RD NYIPLG,, VANCOUYVE! will hold. their decoration services on and he also has the contract of re-
Londov!, TORONTO, MONTREAL, WIN iy R,
@ ; modelling the old W. O. W, hall, which

Sunday, July 21st, at72 o'clock (new

An invitation {s extended other Mr. Herring recently purchased and

 

ST, JOEN, HB. HAMILTON,’ CALGARY, SASKATOON, EDMONTON

 

> time.)
: lodges in the district. will rebuild {t into a modern home for
: f ae od. Foret _ fr ld W. ‘G. | pe Starearat Gray was agalti sue
: ompanied her mother, Mra. meat eh Mrs. 3 a 8 o
5 a | f Wright, from Capes Wedneetee en soa Iter eect Bae
. a ee and will’ spend a,month at the par- ( ;
SOLE AGENTS ental home in the village. Smith In the County Court. at Wind-
; sor last week, This action was on a

note and for price of horses ~ sdld,
monoy loaned, wages, etc. The parties
are Colchester South people. — Judg-
ment was given in favor of Mrs. Gray
and for'devoted, unselfish and worthy | for gio with costs. Ws,A. Smith act-
service nothing more could be wished|}aq for Mra. Gray, and F H. A. Davis
for. Few men in the Province have) for Pettiford:
been longer in public life than P, M.| Zion.
‘Ferriss. A native of Colchester South,; ‘The Zion Ladies’ Aid met at Mrs.
at an early age hoe entered the town-| Arthur Brimner’s on Wednesday. last,
The Auxillary of St. Andrews |ship council, ot which board he sat|}There was a good attendance,—Sun-
church, Harrow, will meet at. the|for 14 years, two’of these being a8/day visitors at Georgé Higgins’ were,
home of Mrs, Thomas Bondy on Tues-|Doputy Reeve and County Councillor Mr. and Mra. Edward ? Throsel, of
day, July 22nd; All taembers aré re-~ bofore Colchester was divided and Es-) windsor; Mr. and. Mra. Henry Hernt-
quested to be present and bring their | sex wag part of the District. Later|man, of Cottam, and Miss Louise
thimbles. he conducted a butcher shop, bakery |Throsel, of Erie Beach.—Orillian Al-
_. 2 $1285 | * who ladies of the Women’s Institute] *74 grocefy business, which also kept fen and family spent Sunday at Wm.
a him before the public, and there is nO} Rawson's—Edward Stéad {s home

Rev. Mr. Edington returned Mon-
day ntght after spending the week-end
near London. - Rey. Mr. Russ conduct-
ed services in the Presbyterian*church
in Mr, Edington’s absence. "

Misa Strattén returned Thursday
after a three weeks’ visit in Toronto.
Her sister, Mrs. Ball, and two chil-
dren aceompanied her for a month's
visit at the Baptist parsonage.

HARROW

   
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
     
   
    
   

gar ee
Webster's Farmers Supply House

ness and Horse Collars.

 

 
   
 
 
  

 

 

Fly Nets and Sheets, Dusters, Har
Overalls and Shoes.

    

 

$2.00 Plough Shoes for....+.- «+--+ or sets bis aid 6
thank the t

$2.75 Plough Shoes for.....- ir Lone gates Hes wish iis a j Birla. at the Greater Be eb earl Sang

R nits ng) ake) $2.85 on Mr. Boyce for patriotic work.” The ed man throughout the“whole, diatrict.|yreau spent over Sunday in the city.

Everyone; willt-certainly wish for Mr.|—Rey. J. A. Snell gave a very pleasing

$3.50/Plough:Sitoes for.....- Wa. i aici 2 5
** “kuto Top and Body, Dressing, an Partridge Tires.
Royal purple and Pratt’s,Calf Meal and Stock and Poultry

a n

CW. WEBSTER

HARROW, ONTARIO. - aa

money will )® usdd for’ Red Cross
work. The Society ‘has alot of Red
Cross worké@rs who are doing their
"bit.

Services In the Methodist church a8
usual Sunday next. Sunday school and
Adult Bible classes; both for men and
women, at 10 aim. slow time. 11 a:
m. and. 7.30 p.t, publi¢ worship. Morn-
ing subject, “God's Wonderful Testi-
monies”; ¢v@iing: “Exctses!”~ The
public cordially {nvited. ;

The Women’s Misslonary Society of
the Methodist church” held their

Ferriss \many more years of happy jaddresa to the Bpworth League on
onjoyment of leleure, Nothing is yet) wednesday gyvening:—Roy Heaton and
known asjto who shall sugcecd Lim tamily spent- Tuesday at Bob-Lo.—
but ag there is no lack of good ma-|The Adult Bible~Class met at Mrs,
terfal {a the community no doubt the|Leonard Floyd's on Wednesday.—
Civil Service Commission, whose duty |Gworge Higgins spent-Tuesday In Am-
{tls to appoint a muse e nso Pell make |hersatburg.
a choice not only acceptable to the Ti ey canny
thajority, but also an efficient man for GOSVIELD SOUTH.
Asner.

the duties of the office.

Mr. and Mrs. "Wise, of Detroit,
spent Sunday at Walter Livingstone’s,
—Mrs.-Liddle, of Toronto, and Master
John Liddle, of Pickering, are visit-

  

  

   
  
   

 

 

   
  
  
  
    
   

  
  
   

 

Pree rrrerrrcrsrrrr errr

COLCHESTER SOUTH ~ }

 

 
  
 

Save Your Eyes !

 
  
 

 

  
     

  

    
    
 

   
  

     
  
   

    
   

. : THE ECHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF COLCHESTER SOUTH. : 2
. SPURTE EET TET ENE In conection with the shower given HELLEBORE We are sole agents here for the real

Esven after long wear C|C A La Grace Corsets have the same
satisfactory set, the resistent firmness as when fresh from the
first fitting. : Tore

Such durability can come only from excellent material con-
structed with the skill obtained through long years of practical
experience. This dependable quality lends added value to their
notable style, grace and compliance with current modes.

$1.50 to $6.00
= Harrow

      
       
    
        
    
   

  
 
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
      
 
   
  
  
     
        
       
       
      

Bug Death Powder

Don't confuse this with many other
powders on the -maket for bugs,
The real Bug Death is a dark, heavy
powders on the market for bugs.
bugs, worms of all kinds, cucumber
bugs and cabbage worms, You buy
this Bug Death at Darby's Drug Store.

Look to younscurrent bushes. Worma
will strip them In two days, Dust a
little Hellabore on every day>or two
wherever you see traces of worms.

- Pure Paris Green

Our Paris Green is the best.

FEEDING SUGAR BEETS

Feeding Sugar Beets are great feed for lioga, cowa and chickens,
will give wou the yost feed on least ground. We have Wie best varieties
of Feeding Sugar Beets and the best seed.

E. F. DARBY, HARROW S

 

 

 

 

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN ~ STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC . 2

Shee ieheiehnhhebheb bbb bbbebtttitd
eh * a

Is one of the important essentials to syccess in any particular
sort of endeavor, ‘The secret of our success as’ Fine Grocers is that we
Specialize in Groceries and Provisions and devote all our time; energy
to Table and Kitchen Nocessities. - When buying we always
consider our customers, and when selling we do likewise, almjng to
give our patrons a Maximum Quality for-a Minimum Price,

——SOME SOAP SPECIALS——

100 Bars’ (Large) Cormfort SOOp. vs. cece eee eee tverens $7.50
2 Bars of Lemmnox, 1 And 1, Taylor Borax or Quick Naptha, for... 16¢,
Jumbo Stove Polish, Worth-I6c........5-.+% ee ae ihn is digs it opine 10c”

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T:B. oe =.
HARROW Phone 5 fF, 3 FERRI , S$ ape

“SPECIALIZATION ~ :

a Noe
Canada Food Board License Number, 8—8345.

Pooferloodeeloofeedeoleclookenfeelonteotestooloetorlesiooionts :

THE MONEY-SAVING EVENT OF THE.”

f_TWE SEASOH |
Hallo’s Big REDUCTION SALE

Fee aa Se eM a eS a Na a

Mi egorte

 

 

 

 

5 — - ™
This. Big..Reduction Sale ‘offers you an 9, rtunity to éffect a big:
| ; .. Saving in your household expenditure in’ oe
| ‘ - these times ofhigh prices. ,

cages ee ae
Sale Commences Saturday, July Gth and» |

Continues for Three Weeks, ==
SHOES! © SHOES! SHOES! ~

  
 

 

 

 

Now is the Time to buy ’Em.
WOMEN'S FINE SHOES

 

 

MEN’S FINE SHOES | BOYS’ HEAVY SHOES

   

   

          
   
     
  
     
     
  
   
  

 
 

  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
    
 
 
 
      
       
    
      
    
      
       

 
     

$7.50. ase. NOW $6.50 Better get ‘em a pair
ee “ipa ae for Fall wear
6.50. snow B00 $2 BB 222+ s: nave: Sb :

OG diary pe a eNOW B60 Seer gee ‘ AY. 7
4.60 ice Lhd 2.75. WOMEN'S PUMPS «© ~—
MEN'S HEAVY SHOES . ; .
$5.50....4.....now $4.60 WOMENAE MAHOGANY $3.95...... how $2.76
S:255 s-iakie= 4.25 SHOES 3.00..., .now 2.50" »
5.00... 4.00 2.50. ..e000). NOW 2.00
4.75.2. 3,90

BOYS! FINE SHOES
ae WHITE SHOES AND

aes « SLIPPERS al 2
2.76 S250 55.250 .. now $2.00

Men's, Women's and

 

      
  
 
   

monthly meethiig at the home of Mra.
Josoph. Wright eridny afternoon 0] Bete tt eet ae eee eee red +4 ling’at John Staddon’s—Mr. and Mrs.|. MEN'S, HARVEST ®% Children’s White ‘
5 di! Inst ee a were present and Suntan TNE a re el apoyt las resioit duende’ les Weert ra- SHOES Shoes and Slippera— WOMEN’S OXFORDS
a /\report a literesting- and profit- “hasta? _ union a 2 Onis Wednesday.— | $3.6)....,-..-.now $2.50 15% off HAR eek
They are Your Best Frien [he (oble. meoting, Misa Nica, Hughson, |, Orley-Galvin, of Windsor,’ Is visit: yfry. Ww. Palmor and little son, of Til- sete Ma now
* Miss Ella Wright ing his cousin, Leo Marontate. bury 3
ee Mins in Wight hr Rabort Ritan |G e909%Y ROMA ui OME Ae epente days wil | MEN'S COTTON SOCKS MEN'S UNDERWEAR A FEW LADIER WHITE,
mee y Ae 3 = — f er
Consult our Optician here on} Husison gave most interesting, ac: |"? Shy Sunday at Silas Balkwill's  lthe weekend in London with her anaes. NEWSOM 5. > Bumetet WelON: ee WAS a
* ly 19th: 4 counts of the good work being "done, | q/oyg, SOE an atcetatal entral|}rother Jolin, who is leaving for over-)-°° P&T" *OM pair G0c-garment.. now 50c os Ge D ice $1. ie
Friday, July : Mrs. Duncan gayo a lelptul talk of | Grove next Sunday at 4 ofc jock; fast} seas service-—Mrs, John and Mrs.{ MEN'S LISLE AND 5° Sarment....now 65¢ | 2D $1.25... mow 606
i her experiences: in W. M.S. work, ue Prank>Box spont id few days }Yllam Staddon spent a few days in] —s SILK.SOCKS “ MEN’S AND WOMEN'S
Jeweler and) Optician Near ne ABYISE will lead: the: néxt. use Mis arden sua Corlee reve Lena on with Pte: W. J.~ Staddon.— soe taty cod 40c palr MEN'S UNIONS ot ARO CE :
meeting, which will be b ; 4 Mr. and Mrs. Ira Agla 8 mail 4 = OS i
will be held ~at the gla spent Sunday | 7. pair. ...now 60c pair, *1-7>-----++---now $1.00 Reg, 5c... now 7 for 286

wéek. eee
Misses Wave and Eunite Enderby
are visiting relatives In Colchester and
Malden. - . oe

‘The Misses: Greenhow, of Walker-
villé, are spending some timerat the

 
   

with Wm. Vickery, Walkerville,
The bashful bachelor on tho fitth

   
      
     
     
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
  

HARROW. - ONT/home of Mrs. Gordon Hughson.

Two runaways occurred hore this
week but withont: ‘serious, results.
Monday_a horse jolonging to Charles
Brown. broke hij pridle and went us
the road at-a férrific pace. Tiio ant-
mal was caught by Frod. Bratt.-Tues-
day Mra, B, B. Lockhart was driving
into the village from the north when
a motorist came gp behind her. The
noise of the automobile threw the

    

  

   
 
   
  

be neighborly, asked:
little girl, Mrs. Jones?’
hoy {3 quite well,

   
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
    

lake front. bake :

Misses Graco. afd Ruth Dutot,-;of
Comber, are visitiig thoir aunt, Mrs,
James Bailey. ees
- During the storm on (Friday night
Hghtning, struck and killed a horse

 

  

       
     
  
  
  
  
    
   

confusion.
other.”

  

 

floor recently, encountered a_nelgh-} o5¢

bor, a young Wiother, and, wishing to g50..
“How {a your: gor, .
“My ttle} 750...
thank you, Mr. “oi
Smith,’ replied the prood mother, “Oh,
‘it’s a boy!” exclaimed the bachelor in
“T knew it was one or tho

  
 
 
  
   
    
 
 
     
 

BOYS’ JERSEYS

BOYS’ UNION: SUITS
7 , 26c and 40 each

WOMEN’S HOSE
see, Mow SOc

 
 
 
        
        
    
  
 
   

  

    
   
  
   
  
   
   

» Mow 20c pair
now ener pale MEN’S BATHING SUITS
rowan path LADIES’ VESTS Reg, prico $1.25 now'$1
ver emow 650 PAI 750... now 506 Eye ee Ne soe
CHILDREN’S STOCK. 25c..-.. +, Mow 200 rey “SOc
INGS 20C.. 6.5.4 +. mow 15¢ 5 <

 

 
    
 
   
  
   

$16.00 suit...

400,...... WOW 300, palr | anjEg? COMBINATION 1659. gnit

5) now’ 40c" pair.

   

EE ~
“ye 1 08x24". $135.00 horse into @ frenzy, and the “driver | {or Evan Wrigiit An a : 28 now
5 8 driy —_ pplicant for oxemption. who eveernererned 506 Ns tre
: 10'x26". bocame 60 frightened that she scroam- The Y. W. seh AY girls, ot Dotroit, maintained that his oyeatgnt was de- ee ae: pa oe és ae ¥ Es male Nee ky
ed for help, The horse: established a{are camping“on the’ Ravine grounds, |feetlve was told by the army doctor LADIES. RAIN COATS MEN'S PANAM:

 
    
   
  
  
   

 
  

  
  

    

10'x30'. 7h
Rew record towards “Harrow, but| Th

couldn't outdistance the machine. How-{ The trvstees of St. Marks, A. M, EB.

 

about three inches deep,

  
 
 

fit in the rond,,and Claud Pastorius

aicial there :
- blocked. its passage witha pa tale

ited’ this weer with,

 
 
  

, yt
that you are getting.
prices, that you ar ge tion stooped to wi threo:

th
@. Sopsrand bon ome u

hoy occupy. ten tents, --- ‘to read the card for the eyesight teat,
‘Ac ‘but ho protested that he could not see
ever, Mra. Lookhart.managed to koep | Zion churth. will give an ico cream |tW0:top letter, which happened to be

The’ doctor 5.00

ut. harm: to! Mr. and Mrs, Baker, of Parkhill, vis Accordingly sent an - orderly to the
; Their daughter, (ess for a dinner plate, which was; SVERALL8 AND WORKING PANTS |
oe A

. m 7" rt a 2 5
4 4 r ROOF will no! ia BeOS .. |Mrs. Warden M * brought and placed on the floor. :
inte ee Reis of PINE and CEDAR. ———— A Merten Me OrmICR, wo ehil-[ Now," auld the’ doctor, “can you way {OVerall and) Smocks...$125 a
"THE. TWO EVERLASTING TIMBERS. Fe a a eat eka aml Rtchon  as
y see: by the above: price ee ongt tnardoctr, "Tue applicant {08 @pesy- Work Pants; wore $3. .now

      
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
   
  
  
 

MEN'S RAIN COATS _
$12.00.........now $9.50
ALO0. ei now © 9.00
9.50... ...5.,.0W 8.25

$6.50......0ys now, 95:00 8500-72-72 - EW

“6,50...c......0w 478 1 Gent's ide Borge. ‘
Bio. ie now 425 — Coat, size 42....

 

 

    
  
 
 

   
 
 

  
   
 
 
  

 
 
 
 
Shopping Satisfaction !

“y like to look around before I buy,” Of pi you do.
~’ You are more than welcome in ‘this stors. We know we have
__ the newest and best things and we display them as attractively

48: possible, so as to help you to decide just. what you want. We
want you to be satisfied with your purchase anid with our service.

THE BEST IN QUALITY AND SERVICE.

Children's and girls’ smart little Ready-to-Wear Dresses,

prices ranging from 40¢ up.:
A

Ladies’ Ready-to-Wear House Dresses, 75e up.

BUNGALOW APRONS—the long, large style in light and dark

colors.

See our nice Shirt Waists with long and short sleeves, high
and low neck, ranging from 75¢ up to $X.00.

 

7 + : , ay ee » Lake View, Tuesd
: SERVICE CO UNTS. F Suara ae pe fl

If = judge this store by its service, everybody in Amherst-
= et Gare soght to be getting their Table Supplies here.

Auto Delivery. Courteous Attention to All Orders. Try Us.
J.H- LOVEGROVE Phone 8, Aniherstburg, Ont.

GROCER SPECIALIST.
Canada Food Board License Number 8—5431.

Sesteeelebele fale eceeloted ef |

1 sor,

Sobtetededeedeebep

3
:
2a 3

O a

| —Master James Wright is spending |
1a few weeksin Goderich
Mrs. Long, of Ridgetown, fa visit-/ with
the-fome,of her son, Herbert |

TOWN AND COUNTY.

rs
& Higgins, =chiro-|, ~~“
Lake J0& at
-) LONE.
Rey

Higgins
ric treatments

7 —Dr,'s
Practic and é
View. i |

—Mrs, Fred. Rooney, of C got = | Kennedy are in Toronto thts v
Sy EsouIe of weeks with 3 ne eadltag er rnirane

pecs, —Miss. Myricil Crimmins {s

gone annual picnic of St. the Oe ¥ . ee :
church will be held at Bola Blanc

ting the lolldays.
Thuraday,July 1sth pre. Fred wake has moyed from M
—Fred. (Dick) Boufford Ja building zea. ene

t ttag djqjning his and Js aseupying Mrs. Bondy

a very.neat cottage, adjaq nis Richmond “atreet. ‘

father’s"on George nasi : 3 = -Mrs. R. Desautel has returned |
—Mias Eleanor Bertrand has return

righ |1FO ma two months’ visit with her da
é4 home after spending a week with Annee Mrs. Heyd,of New York,
Her sister, Mrs

RdIph Shultz, of De- N 4 Mrs, J. S. Gatfleld spent
troit

} t Sund {ternoon-vil} | COUP. bf days. h ae former's }
—A pleasant Sunday afternoo SU rather apt. Ed. Gatield, at
be given in the First Pave AcE oree AGI the’ “aiaterscat St Joseph's watks
Sunday at 3 pm. Everybody’ wel- Academy are attending a ten da s' re-J
cou 1 Kell treat at St. Mary’s Academy, Wind- = A
—Wilfrid ally Bor LA:
of Jackson, Mi Mand Mrs-J. S. Gaefield spent | Fi
his parents, Mr. a coupi® of days with the farmefty | son
Gordon, brother, ‘Capt. Ed. Gaefleld, Port | move
—Mr, and Mrs Auech ve
frolt. were, guests —Mrs. A Cumphbejl: aid’ sons,.! Prez
any. Stinday Robin anf rned
in Detroit after spend ;
Mr, Sau f ae “irs. Power: t Jackson, Mich, |
bis ‘ es i at ae ‘ a 4 han 3{. Bertrand : 3 preparing to build |
wead-God with Mra, TOR A es iful cobblestone
Mrs Jou H. Anderson Park athact tela he recently purohia
—Next sewing aid knitting meeting | ¢ dwieh Merect and Elm avenue.
of the 7. O. D, ‘Boand friends will be |” At: Christ. church Sunday
held at the Jiome of Mrs, V_L.. Price, | ,-

a %, , 5 each Sunday at 10 am, and |
next ares y afternoon at 2 o'clock. ces at 11 amwsand 8 pm. The}!
wAlFare Inv!

RIB H, A, Wright wif preach at
—R. J. Bun

, | Services, -
ble man, left Saturday for week's Sieg Francés en and Miss.
inip down the lakes. He will moet a vena’ Bert | returned to De-
party of friends in Buffalo who, will troft) after
accompany hjm , latter's pare :

Mrs. Fred. Bailey, of Windgc Bertrand, jr, at
célved word Wednesday from. her son,
Pte. Howard, that he has been seri-
oudly dil-since the 13th of June, if
the hospital in. France.
s-Ruth Chapter, No. 4, O.ES., will
Rive a “Dust Cap, Socini” | a» Mar
sonic Hall, corner Geert Murray
streets, on «Monday evening, ’ July
22nd. Dust etp frea to each ticket
holder, at,
‘ adee officers arranged a
especial fr a for’ their rég rin
stillation, last (Thursday) <n bohy :
having « Windsor €ahton, 40 strong, —Billy
pRlve a fancy drilf on fh hmond street, t nN to
, At 8 o'clock | est r, Minn.
* . —Wealdy 4 serious operation for hernia
going to’the hospital Sunday an

Fathers Ryan, Donpnel!
K at-

Andrews |
next

wife and children,
re holidaying With

rb;
and Mrs. W. H. Kelly,

Droulilard, of De- e2
of Mr. and Mre
They were nej

M F. W, Brow and

Mrst

Bell] Telephone trau-

ding

Mrs. @: B. Brown,.of AVindsor, were a
Visitors at M.<.Barretts' on Wednes. | {rom
day. Mr) Austin has just. returned:| burgh
from a two months’ visit with her

Ontario,

Mrs. Kitchen wero
to meet the form
was there thnougl
Ia now:
departnie

Co

n Detroit Friday | the w
n Harry, who} :
iness trip. He+1

Government | *

Goodyear ‘Rubber ||

y, Gie Ovangelist,” way
Brog. hospital at’ Roc

on 4T ute

ehurch Sunday,
Ith; —11 a.m., subject: God’ thod
of Kingdom Expansion oS pi Story
of a Convefsion (62 Christianity.”

j Church school, 42 noon, and “Men's
Brotherhood 10 aun:

Roy, Duncan, AC
leaves this week for C
“shis wife and family, and
them “Home, Mrs.
been viniting relatives Inw

July

had been indefinitely Postponed,
—Waulter Botsford,

— : ;
brakesmans | when adjusting the milking machine,
ary to xefoin.|on Friday fst.. It was thought at first
accompany | that hig@ete jie “was broke
Duncan has jever the’ result of the Wuk did not
West for |}develop any hing of so serious a no-|
two mont Edward r, of Es-} ture, and he is now again on the job.
sexjels rol Bon the “Plue” during | ® The explosion in the’Solvay Pro. po
Mr. Duncan's absenc cogs Co.'s "T. NT.” Splant at Fint | [4
—Johin Huston ¢ ad at The Echo | Rock, N. Y., Jast week, came honteto jie
office Tuoaday, of the y ual annual =
yfrrand. “He {3 now eniployed as night ; expected _ Mrs. Wm, Rogers rec ys
“watchman at thé Metal Products: tac-|Word on Saturday that her uncle was le
tory, Walkerville, Mrs, Huston ang ,*Mong those who were killed In that]
daughter, Mrs. Baliey, upent a few , xDplosion,
weeks viaiting relatives af Tilvonburg,| —The rabbit Industry as_an ald to | Essex.
*St. Thomas, and other oastepn points, | &redter production jn not confined to | Essex,

> = RK Charles ~ Bonsot, a
. ~Engincer David Cottrell, ws haa ish ee ot tho Burk,

: : I
seer the Bt Thomas M,C. 8. hos: Hn gone into it, and rabbit stews,
Dital for the past faw weeks, was re:

hotples, fricassees, etc., will be on the
Moved to the residence of hia son, in mienu 8 soon aa ‘the first’ batch je

n 19

that city. It fa thonght that all the readyefor'the market. 2 ae
ed by tk SAseX “explosion; ~ art a atl
eee ae ‘his meee ag | —There willbe no. shortage of kt ip
. ovary | {OF the farmers of Eusax county, B..N.

that he will make a speady recovery | =
1 goon resume his old poaition®on | Bartlet, secretary. of the Windsor re.
e Amherstburg-Hssex. run2< Sources committee,, announced ‘Mon-

lay, ufter co ting an analysis of
—Twenty men of tho Canadian bor-|°9" #fter completing s

UJ e, = Ard A Wi
der citkes were fined Monday morning sea leoneeatiin tae aie eae xs
“in Windsor polices court for failing to North Egsex haye signified their wile
carry birth, marriage or nationality ingness: to work on farms, Secrétary
Cortificates as required by the amend- Bartlet said. Men who have had ex-
monts to tle Canadian Military Sor- perience in agricultural work, and who
on cae Pag te hi aateies refused to. “go back to the land,” will
‘who threntonod a Dominion, police o. he investigated. -Sevoral hundréd of

this clags‘of slackers are living in the
‘Aicer, The remainder were ordered to] bord ounty, “Judging. by repli
pay $11, including costs, ae ine Vase sing by ropiie

mare to questions! on the registration
A newspaper correspondent s t

g cardn, ws ;
the Advertiser, writing from the vi-| —Tho sixty-tiird onnual communt-
p of Brantford, says: —"Seven-

t ! cation of the Grand Lodge A. F, @ 7A, | 00
“years a0, when the Boor war) M. of Canada, in the Province of On-
me to a close, a peculiar phenom-

tarlo, will be held at the Collegiate

in was Observed in the ont crop of} Institute, Windsor, on Wednesday and

‘ario, every loaf bearing ‘the dle-}/Thuraday, July 17th and 1sth, Al-

impression of a capital ‘B! Con-|thongh this {6 what ta. known as an

h attention was paid: to ‘the | “off your,” yet there will doubtless be B
Yat the time, and belfef jan attendance of Over @ thousand dele-

Many districts that it ‘Wad | gales, The Board of

toryw Several oat loaves poses will opie on Monday even-

! for tho

ws rpowe of oon:

day by Miss Luff, |ing, tho 4 or 5
the * for tho buai-

 

of

_ Whs | 6iderin; Is
dil A

for some weks
/hours daily.

{ —Mr,
LWindsor,
ifriends in town.
—Mr.

| arrived home

Miss Tre
Poft | roturned

John H
Hough

B “residence
Into it,

micesvat.the A. M. EB. church:—
o'clo.
sermon

ing
Sunday {School, at 1:
witli her sister, | cvening.
Si Ware,
—Miss
dence on /86n Bank,
, Corner) Week's ho
Deélore
schoo} |thelr automobile.
—Miss Isa» Austin: of Listowel, {is
he guest pfu
both |#re both dmplos
{Kenora Public
ptogethber last
—Stll in home turn
a week with the |to staysin spite of rumor
Mr, and Mrs. Alex. |nothingdin furniture wa
cliore
Mr. and Mrs; James Austin and /}20, Marra
—Cipt
Cley
an I make
to, raise the
Bar Point,
—Mrs, W.-H. McEvoy and/daughter, jis being built

teamer Willi

neviing to town,

| Real estar

Amherstburg tloser than 4t was first*| foNows
ived | Personal,

—The Went
|Ulons, the Heatonas,
| mane, all well known

finity of sooing
play. A meeting
jera and fans
Jat 915 to-nig!
Interested ar
nens will be dealt with,

Henry—Cook was called to
Friday owin

Capt.
Port Colborne
death of his. broth

—Dr.'s Higgins & Higgins, Chiro-

and Mrs.
spent

and Mrs.

Amn er:

‘the former's father, Capt. Wm.| Mal
Gore street.
oR.

rh
Mrs. W
ther are
bout ten
rforan

lome aft
with her g¢
Anderson, P
mn McGeebha

at 11

Cordial we
pastor,
Marie
has gone

week,

figures. 1,
Street, A
W, Sm
id

Mra. James M. Kelly
Marion heave also been
trip with her
am PP Sny

ul ptr,

large number of autor biles com-
r i y Darticuiarty it
ed that his proposed ‘trip to France ings, Is being worked out"by*the C. O.| cent for each WO or fraction thereof,
P,, and Wready ther
dalryman,.wés |'Mprovement on the hapha%ard meth-
rely “kicked by one off bis cows | of piicing ma
| £0 much
—On

confusion {n

account of the hig
How-!™ado by the state bo,
on, Wyangotte's assessed

Is r Js nearly double wh

Last year

estate,

070;

family

; their annual. reunion at
Bols Blanc on Tuesd

}dred being {

Windsor,

This

(Saturdny)

‘eat game ig

vail themselves of the Oppor-
“CWO great teams jn
{8 called for the Dlay-
ot the Lake View House
ht (Friddy), to which all
© Invifed,

on

autoes wero fn the ¢
nara uneral procession,

fellow,
borne for threo yi

are one daughter
anche eater and three gong, Miss

& © prominen
Ho was

i)
layed On

Laporte,
3 -! {Laverne Clark, Sie
99 re RORBIOND | tod that ne, eed 85, who: wore

» Is able to sit up a few |

&
aire summering atthe?
down the bank.

—Mra? Michael Malonéy, of Detroit,
spent 2 few days with her sister, Mrs.
|E. Fox, Dalhouste street,

—Miss Séphie Flytin, of Lomdon, is
spending a few weeks -with relatives
land friends in this locality.

—Mr, and Mrs, Albert Himch have
from a two weeks’ visit
lis parents at Kingston.

—The annual Sunday» school picnic
of Christ church ig to be held at the
and |Island on Wednesday of next
—Tho cil has appointed Mon-

cayAugust c
behind |is the day of
tore, dur-jing tournament,

—Miss ile McTaggart and

ne Brow, of Detroit, has| With her parents,

brick building’ at the
remodelled {nto a hands
» and is preparing. to

i¢ome to all. Rév.
Lafertes of the Mol-|

liday, accompanying Mr. and
Ouelletteand family in| state.

8 Edna Gott.
don the staff of tlhe | PUrchiascd some time ago,

32 _ 1eTee y ri >» th ‘y-
Schoo}, and*come home | Bank ‘of Commerce will take the Cp

with

whalebgok Cort, sunk at | James Mi
A large steel cofferdans | Chevrolet
In Detroit to be used iim |/Arner

MNnes,

$7°917,25

n attendance.

jJoined by a number of relatives from
Detroit,

other points and 8p
ant afternoon,
union of thts large connection,

—The Wanderers,
bats with
Morrow
Wanderers ix Winds

ent & very pleas.

the } Amherstburg~ club to-

Nayor
onra.

Cook. accompanied her fath-
: jer to the funeral, a
General” Pur- Satta

n worth it, and‘if you will come in and Tet us slip one
on you yon will abe with us and in all probability. take away
the suit. Genuine blue worsted two-button models, extra good
weight and absolutely pure wool with peak lapels. They. are
the best value to be had.

Our price is $20.00, $22.50, $25.00, $26.00 and $28.50

THE WORKING MAN.—Our department for the working
man embraces all the necessities for your various trades in
wearables. There is an inexhaustive assortment to choose from
and you will be more than pleased with our prices. :

There is an endless variety of two-piece and combination
garments in all qualities and sizes to choose from at 35e up to
$4.00.

<

You have the choice of America’s best makers here, in all
colors and styles, at from 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00.

—Water lilfes are an abundant crop|

at the Canard this year, |
—Sixty cents for a hair cut ma

shdve in Windsor! Some city! |
—Mrs,- Doherty. of Sarnia, —- the |

guest of her daughter, Mrs, .G. s.| 1918,

Rutherford. | Pronee: SIN Ostet South,
—Special attractions at Wesley } (ih, 4968, the wife

Ladies' Aid garden party, July 23rd France, of a son.

Brags band, etc. ss Ci e
—~Miss Mae - Anderson, of. Detroit, Grandin, barter,

spent the week-end with her mother, | tei!—In Maidst

Mrs. John H. Anderson, Park street. ae pee
—Rey. Herman Moore, wife and | yeny 4,4 Th ALR AIee

daughters, Stella and Nellie, were July 2nd, 19.938,

visitors at M. Barrett's and Principal JUNen he oe

Pearce’s on Wednesday. They were |°*

also guests of Mrs. Moore's brothers,

John H. Rodd, County Attorney,

Windsor, and Dr. Ed. Rodd, Detroit.

FEE ete

x - COOK WANTED — Brinner-
¢ Mond Lodge. Apply MRS. HIG-t

BIRTHS.

and

7th, 1918. the wife of
Bruce of & son.—The child
two hours. 4

Arch McNee, of
Wednesday with
ee

of Wind-
cottage

Thur:

Nas wile of
Thursday,
¢ of Mr.

North,
the wife of
Sombra, Saturday, J
IQS, the wife of Mr. Wii
formerly ar Meurezor, of a
1Aframbolse—aAt Loiseleville, tm
Mr. Adoiphye. Laframbotse,
Long—In Sandwich, Tilesday,
nec Miss Roxe Piilon)
Neléon—In
ore if

or
Whoatloy
week, 13, the wife of Mr,
daughter,
ea, Friday. “J
+ the wife of Mr. Dani
«on.
Roadhousé—In Tilbury. West.
June 20th,-1018, the wife ¢
4. foadhouse,
SWeelman—

GINSON. +
i} Se ie sar
—Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Fell,’of De-
troli, were week-end guests at Robert
Dorsey’s “and John Parks’. Misses
Bratt and Winnte -Deneau, of
en, are visit Mr, Dorsey's,
this week. ak
‘ncn —Miss Virginia Grant enves to-day
at s ee (Friday) for Washington, Ds C.,. to>re-
days, Mrs. Coseo| §tme her duties as Principal of a busi-
ionth. ness. Colloge, after a pleasant visit
Mr. and Mrs. John
a vo | Grant. Miss El th. Grant, who
Sosa Meee to! teaches In the sg. college, comes
ark streer. home to-morrow for ber holidays,
§ rented from “*F.| ——A joHy bunch, of prominent young
indsor ladiesare camping in the
Nash cottage, river front. They have
aught nearly all the fish in the De-
(roft river, and they are brown as the
summer dust from living nearly half
a6 (ime in the river. Mrs. Nash. ts |
éir chapeton,
—A number of changes In business
weations are undér way in the down
own district. .W. T, bs eae will
‘ive up his harness business and’ de-
0 Toronig? for’a Vote ‘his time’ to insurance and real
He has rented his store to
| J. H. Lovegrove, grocer. G, H. Jones,
whicn Mr. Lovégrove vacites the cor-
hey | 2er, will occupy that place. whiol he
They and the

ivle holiday. This
Stburg’s bik bow)-

Mr,

, Spent Sumday| K

, the wife o
of a daughter.
In Colchester North, Suni
JOIN, 1918, the wif
ofr a doughter—porothy
rigtla,
Triolet—aAt Loiseleville,
Clifford Triojer, of
Alice,
Aman—In  Goateld
June 28th, 1915,
Thurman Van Anian;
Rocheleau—At [Loise] le,
Mr. Maurice Rocheléan,
Marit “Eva:

MARRIAGES.
Mami iton—Rapley— At the

Nriday, duly sih, 1918,
Thur Carlisle,
ton, of the R.A, F,
Mrs Harry Hamilton, of
burg, 10 Miss Zelina Marion,

> Of Win

Swestnan,
smith

the wif
a daugh

Van North,

the wif

the
ora

by
+ Sunday
$20 In th

ait

Taylor—At Essex, Friday, July 5
William. Taylor,

Mr. Taylor’a death occurred at
of his son Edward, The roma
taken 16 Comber for buriat

THE LATE JOHN cooK

lumbla corner as goonas alterations |; n
can be made.

There {; =WaW. Trin
do not carry, hd ofjce bu 88 Im cars darimg the
Bertrand; Phone LevG we following boing a
thersthurg, ~ Ou sales made: Anderdo. 1e0,
Mth has. arfived| Wiamer Ford; Frank.Thrasher, For.{:
the tug Pitts-}| HM Dube, Chey olet; James Carnghan,
another attempt | Ford; Carl Nic 0, Ford. Maldén—
in, McLaughlin; Jud Bratt,
. Sellars, ‘Ford;- Albert
Studebaker; Tliomas Dowler,
* Ainhorstburg—gj. Bert-

ave-}rand, Ford Commercial; Dave Gibb,

the | Chevrolet: J. W, Gibb, Chevrolet; Miss
» With her: hus- t. Ford Sedan; °Miss Leighton,
Chevrolet Sedan

16 learn of tne ¢
One 6)

4th
ur Most high).
DOK WAS on night d
lonk, and? fi
ADOUL Tour o'¢lock Frid
ter he had breaktast and al
did not think a dortor ne
He of hours afterwards he
Isease = Déeing

|

has been do

ol ze

about en

1 been on the canal staf. and
been, lockmas

ond

ise, In the

he was one of thy

(nits and Avas splondia ¢
took an active inte
1 Was reeve in

—The rogulations relative to excise ber

‘ax ow playing dards and matches.pave
Bone into fest and all euch €ards
and matches jn the possession of deal-
ers must be stamped and the stamp
cancelled. The.tax on matches {g one |’

band on the

king. System for
the even- town.

° b . i Amherath
and on’ cards eight cents for each » Mich, 7

pacxage of 54 cards or fraétion there-
of. Stamps had to be affixed by the
Jend of the week. not when the cards |*
mera ase ior miltches are sold. It will not do ta

|

@ is 2 noticeable
Which caused
the past.

d of equaliza- bostpone this very important matter
ation) a5 revenue officers will be Visiting the
it was} stores In the county and the fine for
figures were: | an infraction of the regulations {a not’|:
Personal, §$ less than $50 Persons purchasing
This rear! matches or n] cards? should see
yvadopted is as|to it for their own Protection, that
$12,547,610; | packnges are Stamped.and the stamps
total,  $15,769,-] cancelled. The regulations provide
very explicitly for the paying of the
excise tax by dealers, manufacturers,
wholesalers and lobbers. Many of
those who take pleasure in the great:
indoor sport of card playing - were
h to Iny in.a goodly
before the new law
WV Some dealers mis-
understanding the purport of the Jaw
stocked henvily on cards, on the mfs-
understanding that the stamps wore. Secretary of Board
placed on them when fold, same ag Amberstburg,
patent medicines, “and found them- :
Phone 46

th

and their connec-
Sellars and Huft-
families in South

érty at once,

AY/ oyér one hun- algned.

They were
went into effect,
Walkerville, and

Was the sixth re-

July 11th, 1918,
4
of Windsor, cross selves stuck for a big revenue bill,
—To the long list of hard luck Ber-
nard McBride has find to bear, he lost
his barn, implement® eds and other
outbuildings Friday night by fire which
Was purely of incendiary origin: Mr,
McBride and family had just retired
shout 10.15 when they were awakened
by the reflection from the burning “
building. Even though one hundred
or more mon gathered within an-tour
from the outbreak of the fire nothing
could’ be. done jn the Way of saving
-/the implements cm the ‘8 them-
selves so the attertion of the fire) ight='
erg was directed © the house, which
was in imminent danger of catching
riy| fire at any time, Mr. McBrido's. loss
is very heavy as the barn’ contained
21 loads of this «son's ~ha:
fork, todder, disc, ‘inning mill;
cutter, harrow ye eS
In addition to. thy ‘hi
Cow rahe in ae
arn, their grilory, . Kel use miier
and implement shed. all went e anor} iresburs, ie
pte The ae t until iy Bt Anyone hay
‘ . ior ra - “him, Dlease
; ‘ that date, -
nt {8 well kno
mors of a

at 5.20>p.m. “The
or’s fastest team,
assured. All fans

+ ELECTRICIAN
INTERIOR WIRING A SPEC

Estimates Furnished,

Routine bust-

t Mason. and Odd:
of Port Col-
Surviving him,

oy

a

the front page the
» Aged 65, and)

Bruce—In Colchester North, soniays July
Mr.

Covle—In Anderdon, Wednesflay,
the wife of Mr, \WWaiter Coyle,
or Mr,
In Amberstburr, Oe ULERIae, July
Mr.
of & daughter.

Tobias Heil, of

of a. daughter.

of a daugh-
ter—Marie Marguerite Medora.

1993, the wife of Mr. George E,

Wednesday,

Wodnesday,

OL a daughter,
feild. North, W ednesday,

or Mr. Roy Smith,
Sabina Hen-

hride’s home,

Cadet Dewey J. Hamil-
Pig Toronto, son or

community was shocked on Friday

oeling unwell went
Our wt

Dasséed away;
the cause of

Was Dorm in
1and came

for the
5 ter.
Was onevof our moat progressive

Was-diwitvs ready to aid
erent patriotic
distelet cap-

a amairs’
2 & A.

of Managers.

P.O, Box 257
ELECTRICITY

CLEAN _SAFE=CHeap

Orion P.. Barron

fe of Ownership

OF HIGH STANDAI

Is how this store has firmly won publje favor and Preference.

Values placed on quality-and dependability. It's what you get
for the money expended as much-as the price you pay that
counts. The warm weather is here and this Is What we might
term “high tide time” for the purchasing of. Summer Fabrics
and Summer Ready-to Wear apparel of all kinds.

. MF And we believe we are
the Cheapest Store in Canada

a

 

Fran
lived only

July tra,

i OH! SAY,

Have you seen the big
import shipment of

WHITE WARE. |<, IN

Cups; Saucers, Plates of all Sizes,
Fruits, Scallops, Ete.

Also Children’s Sets in Enamel, Deep Plates and
Cups and Saucers. Come in and see them,

#day,- July
Harry

Edwin

duly 4th,

Tuesday,
Mr. Clar-

une 29th,
am Julien,
daughter
ie Wife of

Ju)y oth,
Long
a son.

duly
Nenry 3,

Barlow & McCormick

GROCERIES, CHINA and WALL PAPER. _

Corner Murray and Bathurst Sts., Amherstburg,
Canada Food Board License Number. 8—7724,

une 28th,
él Nogers,

oo Mr. W,

ieee

(Mr. Asa

day, June

Pr)

PEt

© of Mr.
Mer—May |

wife of
daughter

TINE STORE OF VALUES

A Good Companion for the
_ Warm Weather. _

Wev.. Ar

Amberst-
daughter
dsor,

th,, 1948,

aged 73 years.

tie home
Ins were

on Sunday.

of Jain
hod cith-
uty Jase

morning,

with his
years he
past
Nr,

A full line of English, American and Canadian soft
and fedora hats, new shapes. © Prices lower than any-==

where. Come and get first choice. we
F, P. Scratch & Co,

a
fund.

ser, “Ile he

took tbeebes onto zeetnctecertecponined Se cleofees

10 was a
4 M.;

 

ibe

He is

he:
and
and. two

an, ar t AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

bedded deecolnfntedeheleicfio

Prosbytérian Manse and large lot on
Satidwich Street, Amherstburg. Ten-

ders will be-reeelyed for above prop-
he :
Tenders to be addressed to under-

For further information apply to
JOHN GRANT,

$1.50 Boys? Wash Suits
SPECIAL—Men's Sunimer Undershirts _

IALTY

Cor. Gore and Seymore Sis,
~_ AMHERSTBURG - — ONTARIO

American Restaurant,

here ¢ ° goods 4)
vice ‘and eg

Sam |.
employ |
ing ac |g.

|

fe

ES
p>

a

 

ehann
Teavin)
SULLI

Amber

FOR
GD fe
derdrd
Wilh}
SULLI

FOR
Sido
Vraser
F20NGi
mown
Will b
0. Do}

FOR
Da)how
parlors
a jn on
clothes
électrh
Tading
Apply
Box Jt

FOR
housie'
ving

Da

b Mehts;

river,
er init
best bi
Liv

TOI
tue iy
Umoth
Wik Gr
or cal
