  

  

 

    

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1918. _

 

OE

FOR GALEEOI colle pups Feed

heelofa, ADiY LEY FOX. R. No,
2, Harrow... Phoue 45-6.

 

  
  
  
      

y_ MISS M, SULLI
re, Ont. Phone 206, ~

FOR GALE—1 wo-svated Carriage and Ins;
c jor 0 oneay. Apply THOMAS AL-

CAPITAL, AND RESERVE 88,800,000 : ; pore ORE
A General Banking: Business Transacted FOR GALE—Iiand picked beans. Apply

JONN B, BEAUDOIN, North Malden P. oO,
98 Branehes im Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

-SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

~ Interest allowed at highest current rate

     
   
    
     
    
   
 

  
 
  
   

 

   
   

WE BUY

HOGS, GRAIN and SEEDS
The Falls-Barron Co.

 

    
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
   

iy Mares coniing 4 yoars
sound, well broken, weleht 1400 and 1500,
J. KEADMAN, Harrow, i
FOR GALE—Thirée Belgian Keldings, aged
a 12 years; weigat 1700 each, Apply
FORMA Phone 87-41, Harrow, Ont.
FO BALE—Hull call eligible for repis-
tration, 10 days old, from my bost cow.
Pricey £26 tf sold Defore FeDruary 28th.
JOHN POLLARD, =< 3_ Te a
“FOR SALE—shorthorn Cow; 6 yeara old,
freshened iat of February.» Also young
cult Apply 1lERBERT HATS, RK. R, Noy
2) Amberstbure, Phone 4 12,

run cALE—risleen lor or good gaat
straw in barn; also gistored Shorthom
YERETT ON Re. NN. No. 2, Ain~
Phone t a Ab meds
Cheap and on ciky Ler
ral houxes, largoand amu
modern couvenionces. Frkp, UW. A. Davis,
Amberstburg, Ont. x

“FOR SALE—Lirge house In town; Nr

=
% class pair; all modern conveniences;
cheeae ae MARY SULLIVAN, Amherst-
a y O burg. - Phone 206, 0 ty
: FOR SALE—Fifteon-acre kardon farm,
went side front road, Anderdon, between

  
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
  

  
  
   
  

 

         

INSURANCE and REAL ESTATE 7

FALLS BROS.

Sceevaueesssrtiseacrees

 
 
 
  
  
  

 

 
   
  
 

 
    
  
    

 

edt =

AMHERSTBURG, .ON

‘R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, W. S. FALLS. Manager,
Kingsville Branch. Amherstburg Branch.

 

    
       
   
  

 

—

wets elefeolofedooeolefoonlnteceofebetle

     
  
 

     
 
  

   

    
  
 
  
  

Prreereervrexrrrerrrresir rs)

 

 

  

  
  

 

or lo
« with’ | *

h

elt

If You

     

  
 
 

 

 

    

 

 

 
    

i Tey i Petrimoulx cornors. — Fo

Keep warm with, an Electric Heater and Qijierms! ous" ty MNS, Aik GIONAC

oF save the coal. care ftenry Knapp, RN. KR. No. 4,- Amberst- re

a . ' Ms burs. a: ==
: : FOR SALE—2%, acres Nov 1 tobacco
— : 7 a with comfortably. ho 1 outbulid-
- ‘These Electric Heaters FORD AOTC a ee :

is j = Suidor place. Ideal Summer. home.

 

 

 

 
 

particulars apply to THOS. T. BONDY,
rer RN. i. No.

are*portable and can be carried fr6m room to ‘Soran pop Seca
room and attached to any electric lamp socket sees

Brush place; good bulldings all round; cy

   
   
  
 

    
   
 
 

 

 

 

. Wise :

being lots 48-40,
better known as Sil.

     
  
 

      
  
  
  
    

   
 

: ; fobacro and corn | Iand; about 12° acres Col. Gregory, of Leamington, booster of patriotic efforts, and hie Rhod YOU WILL START A BANK AGCOUN
Special Price $7.00 TEE er mchantrlace oes fang | Island Red Cross brood, The birds sold at auction helped to swell the

 

BUTLER, Arnér P.O, Phone 81-3. Toronto Patriotic Fund.)

TO-DAY. >

 

 

 

Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY
__Phone 208, Amherstburg.

FOR SALE—. odern house and two
acres of ground on Richmond Street, Ap-
ply MARY. SWLLIVAN.

Chk
It is hard enough to make both ends meet

t
a
xs
<
+
+
+
#
without figuring on the unexpected. & ;
+
+
te
ole

One of the real features at the close
of the Red Crosg campaign in Toronto
last week, was the sale of fifteen pure
bred Rhode Island Red roosters, don«
auld by Col. Gregory, of Leam{ngton,
to the ‘cause, and two Canada wild
geese by Jack Miner, bird lover and
naturalst, of Gosfield South. Col.!
Gregory's birds were named for
prominent personages; beginning with
King George and running the gamut.
from Premiér Borden, Hon, N, W:|
Rowell, Col. Roosevelt, etc, The. two
geese were mates and were named af-

~ ter Lady. and Sir John Eaton. The
auction crated great enthusiasm. By
courtesy of the’ Toronto..News, The
Echo Is able to reproduce Artist Me-
Connell’s conception of these men,

         
   
 

B Essex County Light & Power Go., Limited

 

& And be sure the unexpected will come to you.
=a NO ONE EVER ESCAPES IT, “he

 

~ FOR SALE. room houve and Jot, just
outside tow 40 foot frontage, runs to
channel 340 feet. deep. Owner

ring F ur niture se

 
 
  
  
   

  

3etter start an account now and be prepared.

Anderdon. Cheap. Good house, best of

land, near school, can give possesalo,

For particular’, apply to Mary

Fort Street, Amborst burg,,Ont.
|. FOR SALE—One of tho fini
«{ Malden, consisting of 78 acres; right on
. {the Pike; woll drained; well fenced; ono
}or tho Nnest houses, with soft and hard
j water In the hou good outbulldings. For
particulars apply to MARY SULLIVAN,
Fort Aiberstburg. P.O. Box 35,

FOR E— acre far situated on
ist concession of Colchester uth; easily
drained, and in good state of cultivation;
suitable for all kind of fruit and tobiceo;
Q f clover planted; large comf

; kOO cellar undgr-hol
cistern at house: Jargo  b
aI » and all kinds of buildings
ing well-on farm; about a m at of
Harrow and one mile from Lako Efile: \ill
Apply MIS ULLI-
y reg. Phone 20%.

YOR SAL i vounty
Tirat Candetaion Coicirextor South; - titty
Heros good’ framo house, 18x28, shen Ax
} 10, wood khed or summer kitchon, barn 32x68
grainory and Gow houxe, 222%, machine shod
} 26x38, horse stable. Aiea, hen ho woll
jduilt, bored well, pig pen, good fences, half
milo from school. two markets all kind* of.
ohurches,. 18 or 2. acrox fall wheat and rye
just two miles from Oxley, bis sommor resort
on bank of Lake k Inimediate posscasion,
{ Sout Lore tO AY ee a ir Pr | not condider their’ positions any. sine-
pci - t the best-farma on | cure and strong objections are being
E—One of the best. farms o =. .

the, fin Concession of Malden, consisting taken by a number) who have peer
of 124 acres; good, 2-storey hovko with | empaneled for the winter assizes that

r
convened In London-on Tuesday morn-

And why not make sure of a good: start by .
placing your. first deposit with us?

 

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA

Amherstburg Branch; C. A. CUDDY, Manager
Harrow’Branch + - P..T.Clark, Manager .

   
 

Mr. Miner's geese sold for $250, thea
buyer being Harry Magee, of Toront
»The clamor of the feese and roosters
was heard above the din ‘of the ap-
plause. Mr. Miner was to’ittve acted
as auctloneeer, but he was too shy, and
John O'Connor, of Toronto, wag Hither:
ad by Sir William Mulock*to wield the...
_hommer, — It was Toronto's . biggaat [ike

; an tight, and thespoultry gave the affai
JACK MINER, a climax,

“The Wild»Canada Goose.”

i i NR Ot Ee ee oon en ae em et

 
  

  
 
 
 
 
   
 

  
  

 

   

TEE sae “<

   

       
 
   
        

       

  
  
  

   
  
   
  
    
   
   
     
   

HARD ON THE FARMERS.

We are stocked to the doors
with the : finest line of
FURNITURE ever shown
in Amherstburg. — gree eRe emigre

‘i yhose bome fs situ-
ell: arn with stalls; driving | ‘08. One farmer w
ane Feary; chicken _coops;  com]ated some miles from the city, and

Look.up your needs now for early spring delivery |srivs; every sconventence, - Everything In| whose nearest neighbor lives a mile

VOTE ON ESSEX SEWAGE
SYSTEM TO BE MARCH 30th

    

 

         
 

Members. of the grand juries -do

   

I

     

Plans ofthe Essex Border Utilittes
Commission for a temporary sewage
system to serve Windsor, Wajkerville,
Ford, Sandwich, Ojfbway and Sand-
wich West are advanced so far’ that
councils’ of the munhicipal{ties, will be
asked to submit by-laws to the rate-
payers: authorizing a debenture {ssue
to cover cost of the work. Saturday,
March 30th, has been chosen by the
comission to take the vote.
tThe.total cost of the s m {s placed
at $210,000. Windsor’s share willbe
$26,000, and’ Ford, which is without
any drainige system wil) be asked-to
pay .the ‘largest proportion.

Thé system if approved, will empty
all treated sewage below’the Windsor
intake. At present the raw sewnge of

£
£
£
above tro ety watdrworka. an ries offering at great reductions

    
 

  
 
 

   
    
 

 

   
    
   
   
   

     

 

 

   
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
    

  
   
  
   
      
   
  
     
      
   
    
  

rate R five miles from]. =
irene nage mile. {rons seta, % milo from|*Woy, baa been forced to leave his
¥ fi

store; ,one of the best stoc rms in the | farm.and the feeding and care of 50

; . y a

é 4 country; land. Diack loam with clay bot- | iend of cattle to his wife. It has been

# rf New combe Pianos tom. Reasonable price. Apply MARY SUL- Impossible to Becure assistance, as his
<y

 

We have an over supply of

of Galvanized Pails: Tubs,,

    
   

    

LAN AN? Amnesties nOe a06- only 86n is overseas at the front. In

: : Y oar spite of the reasonable protestations
AND } Avuc 10N SALE of this juror there is no’ meangiof re-
: —or—

wh
bad J : , e ae
Wh 1 t (4 S ewl ng : M achines Farm Stock, Implements, Ete. renldont ot Middlesex, who ies. ant

summone} os a member, was forced
2 ‘ EE :
HE FURNITURE. CO.
THE KEMP JRE. CO.

        

    

    

 

  

Pans, &c., which we are

    
    

Tered ” to” leave |iis two-weeksdld baby at
ij 7] ered for salo by Public
A sunt ys ouake Noad, Colchester home in 8 eritical condition, so fll that

South, on no hopes Are entertained for recovery.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14th, 1018

 

    
   
   
  

 

  
  
  

   
  
  
   

of thé International Waterways com-,

 

     
  

    
 
 
 
    
  
   
 

 

     
   
  
  
  

 

  

 

   
  
 

    
   

—_ senatorial y
Reo sy F Tho following:—= Flight Lieut. Ralph Gordon Hall, R.|MIssion to prevent pollution of the f
Ph 69 ae Amherstburg = HORSES—Mack Mare, rising atched |. C., of Montreal, was. accidentally} 4kes and rivers compelled thé commis- or a few days. é
one Span. Gre 3 aan ae a Sela killed while flying jn England. « {sion to plan fora new system. of k
a fark : aie peace. cy ¥ Howse, 13 6 a Block Mark Wakefield, employee of the C. sak the Canadian border j Ff
c f Slack Col by Foreman’: .
AUCTION, SALE (HE Tai SE hot ce | cpa ate sh a ;
: 01 od; 1, X. L. Filly riging 2; IL

a foui¢ Wenge 44 yours, quiet for children; | alashed throat. FIELD CROP SEED é

‘ Family
Farm Stock, Implements, ken pay, Gatalng, eis A “Holstein cow, . 3 The last jog schoolhouse’ in Hnst-

years: » bred Holstein Cow, 9 years; | ings county hay given.place to a mod-
are bred. roiate Cow, pure} ern brick struciyré, at Bell's Rapids,

; BY ste the extreme nort
Thore will be sold by Pubife Auction at ’ 1 i Puro . bred wl h of the county..

Lot §,.Con. 3, Anderdop (2 miles south of sin ; Durham} The age limits for drafting Canidian

VERY IMPORTANT

     
   
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
   

 

   
  
 

 

Farmers Will be Wigte to Make Ar
»  rangementé at Once. |

   
 
   
   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  

  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  

   
   
   
   
  

 

      
   
 

 

Seed for many Varieties of flald

}
Loiseliavitie) ‘on : yearling Jorsey F and other Britigh~ subjects. in the] crops will be scared during th t
— Me ick Binder in good : is the coming y,
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 42th, 1918 A amitk Mower. “Mecorenex | United States ivnf cause, gurprise,| season and farmers will be ‘wise to s

    
   
 

Disc Dri Hoy Rake:soHissell threo- | Capt. Kenneth 4. Marlatt, of the Can-

Cockshutt”. Truck~ Dis British R, r
The ‘following: May Horse 10 yoars oid,|Grum Roller; Cookin cco, planter, | agian Scruiting Mission, said

290 Ms.;, Bay Horse 8 years ald, 1325 ; 4 at wrally in Boston, Jast week, In an-
Tha: lack iors Givears old, 1000 Ths. ule Mi, DARROF SMeaenments Cockshutt |nouncng that. tie Unted ‘State’, and
vse ance: ne Tae Saabs ORG Corn Planter; Spring ‘Téoth 2-horse Cul-|her allies had jeached an. agreement

: arrows: secs : “3 * sae
due in April; Mik Cow coming. 3. your ol vator: 2) sprit Walking Plows: 3 Double | OF the: drafting “of niienay. “That is

   
  

make arrangements for thoir Bupplios
well in advance of planting. -Such {5
.e conclusion of the Food Controllers.
office, which? in Conjunction with the | *
-United States tood administration, has | ~
beon considering quéstiony in regard
to the Supply’ of seed ‘avittlable for
Planting this year. ua
Information just recetved- from
Washington says that supplies of. seed
som of the Flint types, of New Eng-
laud, ‘are very scarce and that. ’the|
United States will not have: any for |’

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

    

 

 

  
   
  
 
 
 
  

duo i April; Holstein Helfer, 7 months old: 120) ariawe: 3 Single shovel Plows: 3 4-)al I am -allowsa Yo say,” jhe, added.

2 Duroc Sows, due the frst part of May: Thorse Cultivators: climax Coal, OW ‘Tank; | Capt. Marlatt siated® that the official

Poland Ch pw, due in Moy; 12 Shoats. Sheller: hand Garden Cult ;
}) * Sheep—12 Etyes. due in: April; nae Cin iiocka: Drumn Power Corn Shell.) 22gouncement Would be made shortly.

2-Gobblers and’S Hens; Chickens about | 7... Tbs, clty: “That the ts ‘
36, aM young. (Poultry cash.) OF; dot, Seales, 1000 capacity; Dominion “Governmen

: Clipper; 2 good | jj
New “Massey-Harria Rinder, 6-foot cut: sth Out ts Hower Horse. rs a era intends {@ draft men, who are. unfit

‘New Maissey-Harris. Drill, 11-hoe; — new : ; 40 gond. Barrels; | fF Service at the front, for munition
Massey-Harris Disc; 2-horse Cocksmutt Cul- | Poraun Kkatties quantity, Carpensar’s Tool; |and other work connected with .the

  
    
  
     
 
  
 
 

   
  
  

  

Hae ee teen ihe ow ee (2. Bumey Jacks; quantity teo Lath; | war, 9 shown py & letter recelved|®XPert. On therother hand, gdod var. i ies - pet eee
+ | Harrows; one set Light tron Harrows; Wile | hain Lt and Press; Sabeock Milk Test- | Wednos, . ; {otles-of seed : * ‘ ie, fee gh
v Plow; 4. Fleury No. | ap. ag . y by Arthur Selby, a mom- of si corn. to be planted for = : Fay or,

i Waillig ‘plows band Rotlers 2 jhamber PrAVAGONS. AND. OTHER VENICLES—Two | ber of rey Windsor Board: of Educa-|¢usilage are avafiable for use in the: B uy wher e the Goods : 0 Uh ered ar e

  

: ont ns; two Rood. Wagon Boxes: |'tlon, ering him: to report at the /#0utheastern section of- Canada: ie Ser ~ Birs 7 ‘ rice wii) ap puwe
Oray. BigEY (nearly now); Deey 4 mack: do Wrens anes for Canadian, Pridge Company, Walker-| © Negotiations are in progress with | ‘S F irst Quality 2 £ he fe rice will take ie

    

Pole; Ligh Polé; “Ditch Scraper 5 : Open ville, where shells are being, manofac-|the United States ‘food administration | oy oft : oe aad
=e Mawes a Mp. Troughs, 12 tect tones 3 | Sicimns:, Cutter: eye Ligne Road Guet¢m ware 4 to. secure a supply. ‘of seed pena for. 7 care of itself. pegs
_ 1] sets of Heavy Harness, Rak: Lathe conn ; ‘ ; ? : : a

3 set or Lyi i + Bik and: Vc = lanting Se : ;

SON [its oak oat att "LGA A ao, dumnigs Ganon ean hd waumber af Winder [¥en iirohton ta age Gooey ea oe
Sos | atin. tare, Oa tarts | Mogper Post Auwaese tke orto help win the wae providing | "ODUCA. “The United Statan hes aie {fs Heavy Shoes, Mackiiaw Socks and Rubbers—0 fine lot
Teo ee, }} S- gets. Double: Harness, One brass ; Atiba we they| Posed au embirgo’ on. | Anothér Heavy Woither Necevslty——Flecce Lined and

 

 

    

  

Sr anette Sad ee = seta cineie. ¥ ty arn thelr. | : ) Bey ; Underwonr for Men, Women and Chit

my about 200: bush, af Seed f ; nerean ‘ 8 ie ’ ape - Underwonr fo o, Women and |

“piel mi Devaval: Cream Hoesen Dollars: 4 Saxena Gross. n at ge Bem : 60 via ‘oral i !
40. ne Beast s

 
 

a Ts q ©

  
SP RR an alle

   
    

 
 

 
  

 

  
 
 
  
      
   
 
    
  

 

To the Warden sp4 Council of the County of Essex. in Conncil assembled:
Gentlemen, — Vcur Finance Commilttes beg leave to report a3 follows:

: ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL |___Report of the Finance Committee.

     
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
 

       
  
 
 

  
 
  
  

    
 
    
 

    
  
   
    
 
     
     
      
    
    
     
  
  
     

  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 

  
  

  
  
  
  
   
  
   

   
  
 
 
    
 
  
     
   
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
  

   
    
     
      
   
    
    

     

   
    
     
     
    

           

    
   
     
  
    
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
  

   

  
 

   
   
  
 
  

  
  
  
      
       
    
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
  
 

 

 

  
 
    
   
   
      
       
     
      
      
   
   
       
        
        
     
 
     
      

  
 

 
    

 
   
  
 
 
   
     
   
   
  

 

 

 

   
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
  
 
  
   
 
   

 

  
   
   
  
   
  
    

FOURTH DAY. L
wl - , ‘ ~~ ‘We recomend. that the communication from.;{e ‘efrougiis Co. be ™ a
Sandwich, January 25th. 1918. ferred to the Gaol Committee for consideration. © Mf
Council met at-10 a.m. In the absence of the Warden, Mr. Plant was ‘That the communication from Miss Lyons, re increas® of salary be a} ‘
appointed chairman: ~ entertained. ~ a : . ; :
Roll called. Al members present but Werien McKee. That the request for a grant to the Windsor, Walkervi"e ard Sandwidt] Foe onde oor grown’
Minutes of Thursday wero read. ; Poultry and Pet Stock Association be laid over till the June session. = =_—' ss J Be ooores
Moved by Mr. Waldron, seconded by Mr. Clark, that the minutes be That this council continue the grant of $6,000.00 per month for the Pst 0o4 :
adopted.—Carried. riotic Fund for 1918, if the war lasts during the year. '
Prhe Printing Committee presented thelr report. . We recomboeek that the “Victoria Industrial Schoé!l be pafd $27.60, for D UPON as & trivial complaint. A neglected
Moved by Mr. Renaud, seconded by Mr.-Ducharme, that the Printing | keep of Harry Coulson. COLD 1S LOOKE 4 as a forerunner of consumption, bat (t
Committee's report be adopted.—Carried. : : That St. Mary’s Industrial School be paid $27.60 for the keep of Florgnce ‘old used to be rogarde is put an incident If @lsease
Moved by Richard McKee, seconded by Mr. Tellier, that Messrs. Renaud, | Alfred. - } - € ‘well known that a cold is the "ba a ae i
Woollatt, Keck, Plant and the Wafden be appointed members of the High: That the report of the Comher Agricultural Society be printed. is now cto a specific cause, namely ue bagad of tuber 7
weys Committee.—Carried. Tho Town of Leamington be paid $40.40, for expenses in connection with which is du ily “a cold in the head,” is rl
On motion, council adjourned to allow committees to meet and renssemble | conveying Harry Coulson to Mimico. ctosig. BOO cold, especially oyance it causes one but for the dangerous
at 1 p.m. e Peter Girard, h for the ann x
: AFTERNOON SESSION. Lanta Cemalip of Malastone be pald $45.50. for expanses re Peter SO" | trouble Bot 8 D"trequentty result from, '" sare an earache Tim ebild
Council reassembled at 120 p.m : We recommend that the communication from A. Werner, re Community Ce example, a “cold a Pe ete is—may result in eg mt
Roll called All members present. School, be referred to the Education Committee. « To-| The earache. if neglected, n the honeycomb structure sees behind F
Whatever else you do, keep your A delegation consisting of se a ME a Bromma .E ae Comaty, ‘The nsual grant of $25 be made to the Hospital for Sick Children at 7°) 11) js, a she be cured only Lg trey, srructures and ‘the mo
Kida and active. Their udge; G. W. Coatsworth, Clerk ‘Treasurer o! e wnship; | Toute. the ear, W of the n : ‘
sore fet vast im sto 5 ns S. Laird, County Engineer, and John: F.” Millen, County Treasurer, ad- ) reeaneat: that ia communication from A. E. Doherty, re chedue| Oe ecuse an inflammation of ¢ wee aS
your halts and at 8 Seer dressed tHe County Council ‘adyscating the. -Courity to initate “a” County re That the tf : want tore. fa b tertained patient. 4 earache may. cause trouble bs foes of the pus behind tt
dence of trouble, o:ten occurring Municipal Association. Th request for a gran a Rescue Home be not en’ ne a The neglected ¢ that the ear drum from the Or aeat which if
from the thirtieth to ‘the: forticth Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr, Ducharme, that a grant of © Township of Gosfield South be paid $5.00, half cost of buryins a common occurrence coniegannie discharging ear Gre Te Arava alt
2 with hing of a Municipal Asso-| 20wm drowned person; also $41.08, expenses, care and conveying George nd there is a long he can be readily relie
1 a tresiment $100.00 be given as a grant to aid in the establishing junicipal breaks @ fife. The earacl ‘ each
clation for the County,—“Carried- and Charles Patterson to London Asylum; $30.00 for care and attendance t0) 1 \octed may persist for INT deg provented by @ timely Opel ne te
; The Education Committee presented. their Report. Georgo and Charies Patterson, insano; $40.81 attending and conveying George dangor and after sequelac xe Treegarm sweot oll,’ etc. are of no is uc in
ey Moved by Mr. Clark, seconded by Mr. Smith, that the report of the Edu- and Charles Patterson to London Asylum; $10.00 refund of medical examin} | o-Grym, “‘Laudanum ape the drum is a simple, rapid; and effectual j
i cation Committee be adopted.—Carried. ation of George and Charles Pattersbn, both insane. | tho treatment. Punctur'! Oe tah soon secures complete bass ie The ;
; Council adjourned till 4 p.m. That the report of the Comber Public \Library and the report of the} (tment of the affection Yo) moors had a conference with the reeve
Council reassembled at 4 p.m. All members present. | Comber Continuation Class be printed. other day one of our district f Health of a township - not very far from |
The Road and Bridge Committee presented. thefr report. That the bill of D. A. Maxwell, for postage and stationery, be referred) | nembers of the Bases are to the cost of Board of Health work, and
Moved by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the|‘0 the Education Committee. Toronto, The reeve was objecting ©) it better that children should get
ed.— ied. — The Elliott, Fisher, Ltd., be paid $14.28, for repairs to copying machine tally remarked that “he and-bave done with them.
Road and Bridge Committee be adopted.—Carr' a incidentally a ae acarlet fever, measles, oan
Council adjourned: till to-morrow at 10.a:m. 2¢ Registry Office. ail these diseases such as scarlet (TT (tor askyd bim how boy, was.
(Signed) -W. P. COYLE: EU eS be Se As sung Bist hegre nore C6 er erence a Cle ceaise of cle |ithernwere Rgsse os Fc The father replied that bs pears oa ym
: - Warden. i é The had scar: : as strict officer
te 2 ei Lp et Bl ga NE Ft Cos a ep Pala ne deat, the result of the seariee kevete  thers the boy’s hearing j
THIRD DAY. . That the Auditors’ repart be printed. ce = . how many. dollars he would be walling: ay to Nommantcable ‘diseases
Sandwich, Jatiuary 24th, 1918. _ That the Sportswen'’s Patriotic Association be granted $500.00 for he) -ostuced, Wh'ch a more CE aes farther argument to offer.
Sample free if you write to Council met at 10 a.m. care of returned soldiers. might have prevented. The father ‘i vad dangerous, and siggsare put
2 3 Roll called. All members present. The Treasurer's statement of Receipts and-Expenditures be printed. “Spitting” {8 eonsidered disgustiog ting in public places, “Sneezing” —
‘ = National Drag & Chemical Co. Minutes of Wednesday were read. . That the report of the Standing Committee of the House of Refuge be; ., warning the pubile against ee mes Jin people's manners, yet tho
BgteeetapeS Sea Sobers hati aetar pa sail ada. 2. Ser isa bablt which still occuples ® PUNT! Le How can one expect to avold.
fe "302 Communications. @ report of the Keeper of the House of Refuge and Industrial Farm! |... ly as dangero : 5 street cars of our |
ned Maia Se, Bete *- vit From the Sportsmen's Patriotic Association,.statement of receipts and te adopted and printed. ma 7. ate consequences in riding on the crowded st! y
expenditures for the past year. ’ That the account of Gosfield South re care of George and Charles Patter-| ©))i-s? eee NG LS. Zé
Ba - The County Treasurer presented a statement of Receipts and Expendi-| son be corrected to allow for time and railway fare. 4 cilles® PLUNGES AND SWIMMING POOLS. if 5 ata
& Fae ae + tures from January lst, 1918, to January 22nd, 1918; aiso a statement of the The,account of John Lamafsh, for the care and conveyance of Harry ya - salt water planges may:carry widespread Infection, et y
TOWN AND COUNTY standing of the different Municipalities with the County. Coulson to Mimfeo, be corrected; allowing fare and wages instead of mileage.| | Fre2h ane 2)" Chon nasal and throat affections are comand any
: Notices of Motion. We also recommend that the suggestion of the Warden in his report | durios the ae ear trouble, and mastoid abscesses ocour from dirty swim-
: —Bonar Law says he does not know Mr. Scratch, that he will, on Friday, introduce a motion to appoint a] concerning By-law No. 213 be referred to the June session of this Council. palds;, cates ‘Ninety per cent, of cases of middle car abscess and mastoid
ta who Billy Sunday is. Bonar is not 35] -5mmittee to inspect the approaches to the bridge over Wigie Creek west That the Clerk order a. copy of the Ontario Statutes for each member of | ™!78 ae Airectly from ordinary ‘colds in the head’ and “sore 3
; well educated yas.the dovit cf Kingsville, in Gosfield South. Gris. CouncG a diay ae arly all cases of suppuration of the sinuses of the ie Chol}
~ —Warning—Keep your sidewalks [ree : We also recommend that the accounts recommended’ paid by the Road and| t2f08t" #0 ie Cnoele bones, frontal and other bones of the head) result} |
t of snow; deposit no ashes on the road; Order of the Day. - : Eridge Committee, the Gaol Committee, the Highways Committee and the!) °7"°% ae ie is an jntection just as diphtheria or measles or scarlet
. 3 “boys and ‘girls must not ‘jump on The following by-laws were read a first time:: : Wee Education Committee, be paid. © i feom colds,, A cold 1s anaes =
* sleighs or cutters. A;By-law appointing a Trustee for the .Amherstburg High School, a All of which {is respectfully submitted. is fever are. HOW TO PREVENT COLDS. t |
s ¥ do not a for dowels Lk Trustee for the Leamington High School, and two Trustees for the Essex ot (Signed) J. R. DUCHARME, (1) A daily cold bath or a cold sponge bath of the face, chest, neck,
Nor gold \wou control; High School. : 2 age
I only ask that I may own 5 A By-law-to borrow money to meet current expenditure of the County. Chale an.! shoulders. oving air In one's bedroom. Don't be afrald of outdoor Dat
A simple ton of coal. ub A By-law to appoint a member of the Board of Audit; 4 — a 4 (2). Fresh: moving 2 ,
—The days are growing preceptibly A By-law appointing a Standing Committee of the Industria rm an f. c ale. a Wie are i swimming tanks. y
jonger, and electric light and coal oil) sjouse of Industry and of Refuge; Report of the Road and Bridge Committee. peso rae ee ther nd owinold, bas a cold the others should) } 7m
bizis will grow correspondingly short- A By-law to appoint a Highways Committee; , y oe dee OV ere t such as kissing. Soft cheesecloth which may be} | . anir
er, a change that {s pleasant to con- A*By-law granting & sum of money to the Canadian Patriotic Fund, and Sandwich, January 26th, 1918. avaid too close oe SEATED ne pen
template. A By-law appointing Auditors for the year. * To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex, in Council assembled :— uurnt should be as a . Ain
—A‘ record was established at tlie Moved by Mr. Clark, seconded by Mr. Chauvin, that a sufficient grant Gentlemen,—Your Road and. Bridge Committee beg leave to report as (5) Keep the ct bh tian a It
Kent county gaol during the last quar-|he made to gravel the approaches to thesCedar Creek bridge, and that the | follows:— (6) Have Dienty7o it dor infection of tha ears in children 1s the) « a
ter of 1917, when the cost per.day per] came be referred to the Road and Bridge Committee.—Carried. We recomniend that the fee of $15.00 to the Ontario Good Roads Asso- The beat TE catia ant ‘oualla It is astonishing how the. croupy,|« cal
prisoner reached 17%c. as compared Counc!l adjourned to allow committees to meet and reassemble at 1 p.m. | ciation be paid. *} (ir.ely removal of a Ae sand of these troublesome symptoms after thé] Iso:
with 13 for the preceding quarter We recommen: that Mr. Armstrong be a delegate to the Ontario\Good| always-with-a-cold child ge ue Tae eon earache get, alcomttonte pS
—That all theatres in Canada are APTERNOON SESSION. Roads Conventiondm Toronto, commencing February 27th, 1915. removal of adenolds and tonsils. ; Sree oe lata Ont CHOICE acnD ; food
to be close’ ‘ar three nights a week Council met at*1 p.m. <3 We recommend that a sufficient grant be made to finish gravelling at iclan and keve the ear drum given & ai eceaitha oy clean and dry for | thar
‘by order of,i2° Dominion War Board Roll called. Al! members present. Cedar Creek bridge; Mr. Clark commissioner on the work. * 4 : ation and the only thing remaining is t p F ihe
} is the rumo- tuat is exciting the locai Communications. -. . Wo recommend that Colchester North be refunded $18.50, (or repairs to] a few days. . B
' amusement world. The Auditors presented their report—Adoptéd and ordered printed: Canard bridge. ta =, Douches of the nose, forelble blomes oc = nose while it i closely) — | tor
. —Beginning January 28th, and till Reports of Committees. eo é We recommend:that the Provincial Engineer be called upon to séttle tle] bald, and diving in the tank should be es Be I. and rest after cating: fj plur
} ra the end of the war, all mills in Can- The Legislation and Petitions Committee presented their report. road dispute between ‘Anderdon, and Sandwich West at Canard bridge, sald Eat plain food; eat slowly; chew the food well, of ¢
ada are-to.manufacture flour with aj .Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Lambier, that the_report of the | a{nnicipalities to bear the cost of sald engineer f good advice for everyons. - ner A ; ae
larger proportion of wheat, producing } iegislation.and Petitions ‘Committee be adopted.—Carried. That we refund the-Townsiiip of Gosfield South $9.75, being 75 per cent | ——— : = ———-— ————— in
one barrel from 265 pounds of wheat Council adjourned to allow committees:to meet and reassemble to-morrow | of cost of repairs to bridge over the Wigle Creek.. + :
instead of 300. at 10 a.m. - ‘ =That Thomas Plant, Chairman of the Road and Bridge Committee, and
aR $ —Darvid -Evan4i“of Strathroy. who} (Signed) W.-P. COYLE, (Signed), ALEX. MeKEE, Clas. Clark be a committee to inspect the different grades and bridges, and
has ‘ably acted as secretary of the Clerk. 5 Warden. | that all requests ‘for such work be in the hands of the’ Clerk by the 15th day}
Strathroy Agricultural Soclety for the ‘ i ss of May. ? :
last 26 years, has tendered his resig- FIFTH DAY.» © : tg All of which Is respectfully submitted. F
nation. but will continue until a suc- ee Sandwich. January 26th, 1918. (Signed) THOMAS PLANT,
cessor is appointed. Mr, Evans da? ae met at 10 am. — : Chairman:
ed to t the first Echo on ana Roll called. All members present but r. Brown. <
: Hoe edt yeas: which {s still a fea- Minutes of Friday ‘were read. 9 : Sandwich, Ont., January 26th, 1915.
; = ture of The Echo relics. He is Hydro- On motion? minutes were adopted as read. ,
. Electric Commissioner, the most oblig- 4, * 2 :
4! ing postmaster in Qntario, and a pil- Reports. ; Repart of Committee to Strike Standing Committees.
—: jar im the Beptist church. The Road and Badge Committee presented thefr report: To the Warden and. Members of thé County Council, in Counell assembled :—
—Replying: to. City Solicitor Frank Moved, by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the ,
; Wavis" letter, asking the S. W. & A.| noad and nd ve Conimitteé be allo lide Caled i Gentlemen.—We, your special committee appointed to strike the Standing
Ae railwzy to resume. norma! service, The Gaol ro mrmitt 8 énted ale re Committees for the year, beg leave to-report as follows:—
ta Manager James Anderson . says that, Moved sLRichart MoKceweacnided. De My. Dropillafd. that the. Gaol Finance Committee—J. R. Ducharme, Chairman, and all-the members of %
ad wing»to continued shortage of coul, | ,. oved by: Richard McKee. seconded by Mr. rouiliard, tha e, Gaol’! 6 ci. + ee
gwing? E : +} Committee's report. be adopted.—Carried. . Coun — d ae :
the company cannot) operate more * Council adjourned to reassemble at 11 o'clock ‘4 Road and Bridgé Committee—Thomas Plant, Chairman, and ll the mem-
: cars at present. Beginning the new Council reassembled at 11 o'clock. All’members present. bers of the Council. a ae é
| year, the company took ono car from The Finance Committee's report was presented and read 4.‘first time. Equalization Committee—Willfam Waldron, Chairman, and ail the mem-

bers of the Council.

‘each of the Belt, Sandwich and Quel- aie
On motion, the council went into. committee of the whole for the second Commlttee—Chariés”€lark, Chairman, and George: Jasperaon)

Jette runs, and cut the Tecumseh-Am-| reading of the by-laws, Mr. Ducharme in thé chair.

herstburg service to a two-hour sche The following by-laws were read a second time and, blanks filled in: A.G. Brown, W. J. Keck, Charles M- Johnston, H. Noble, Lewis Smith and E.

‘ duie, because of inability to secure A by-law to appoint Trustees for the Amherstburg,.Essex and Leaming- Teller. iy f = never forgets to keep
peas coal. ton High Schools; c : Legislation and Petitions Cofhmittee—William Woollatt, Chairman, and mew {l i d ‘.

‘ —With a view to protecting: U. S.| ~~ : Robert Hart, D. Lappan, D. Rocheleau, E.,Lambler, J. Scratch, S. Wyatt and ell stocked with

   

A by-law to raise a loan to meet current expenditure; , : eee
A bylaw to appoint a member of the Board of Audit; a

A by-law to appoint a Board of Management on the Industrial Farm Chauvin, & Roghelenu, J. Ducharme iW. Waldron.

and House of Refuge; 2 ‘ ~
A by-law.to confirm+the appointment of a committee for Highway Im- wrose J Sora one wine enw arian F: BRU Oe loa Nee

 

J. Webster. 3

eitizens doing business in Windsor,
Printing Committee—Maurice Renagd, Chairman, -and J. B. Lefatve, C.

feat who may be compelled to pay war in-

: come tates to both the Canadian and
American Governments, a) delegation
composed of Dr. Thaddeus Walker,

    
     
      
     
  
 
 
   
    
    
    

   

  
  
 
 

    

 

ig. 5 ; provement; + + i “?
¥ = Ce anilier O: Sr A by-law to appoint a member of the Senate of the Western University s “SCs AAR MEI ES submitee (Signed) CHAS. CLARK
pie K.C,; P. W. Grandjeen, Gordon M. Mc-| #94 College; : A ‘Chairman. a

   

Gregor, and two others will leave for
o Ottawa at the end of the week. They
eee will point out to the Canadian Govern-
ment that it will injure border tndus-
tries if Americans have to pay the
Canadian tax as well’as that“imposed
‘by their own Government.
~\ “<A deputation of bakers from all
parts of ‘Canada,  thirty:in “number,
were in Ottawa this week-to confer
with Prof. Harcourt, representing the
Food Controller. The purpose of the
cofiference was to decide upon a stand-
ard Joaf based on the new standa
flonr which the mills must grind from
this date forward. The loaf, it is pro-
posed, shall; be standard ‘in weight,
‘size, shape and Ingredients. I[t is p
posed that aH fanéy loaves sfiall:

 
 
 

A by-law nting to the Canadian Patriotic Fund the sum of six thousand ; :
dollars per month, for a period of twelve months; and o. sy, Sandwich, January 22uy A918 eA

“A bydtaw to appoint Auditors for the year. : : Me

Council resumed. : 3 2

On motion, all rules were suspended for the second reading of the Finance
Committee's report. ie 4
The Finance Committee's report was read a second j
Moved by Mr. Ducharme; setonded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the
Finance Committee be adopted.—Carried.
The by-laws.were read a third time, numbered and passed.
Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Drouillard; that all small matters
which may require \jmmediate attention from time to time in the county
buildings be left in the hands of the chairman of the Gaol Commilttee and
the Clerk to attend to.—Carriéd. g

Moved. by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Woollatt, that the Warden and
Clerk be authorized to sign’ and submit to the Minister of Public Works and
Highways of the Province of Ontario the petition of the Corporation of the
County of Essex, showing that during the period from January Ist to Decem-
ee 31st, ee somes been exneened upon the County Highway System

e.sum of $20,052.43, and requesting the statutory grants qn that amount as

Sut oct. The question of a standart | provided by the Act to Aid in the Improvement of Public Highways.—Carriei
price: will ai are, re 4 sons ‘ i Moved by Mr Keck, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the. Coutity Road
+ 2 Tia hie Sam aEar Herbie Se Superintendent be and is hereby instructed ‘to prepare an estimate of the
conditions of delivery, etc, will have | oypenditure to be made onthe County Road System in the County of Essex

  
 

  
 
 

The Warden's Report for 1917.

To ee Wardén and Members of the Essex County Council, {n Council assem-

Gentlemen,—In presenting my final report as for the yeur 1917, I will not
make any remarks as regards our finances, You have printed copies of the
Auditors’ report in’ your hands. :

As you cre all aware Of conditions arising from the continuance. of this
awful war, I think you will decm it advisable to still defer the building of
permanent roads until conditions become normal.

1 Would"like to suggest to the Members of the Council in regerd! to the
Rules governing the admission of inmates to the House of Refuge at Leaming-|
ton. In my opinion By-Law No, 218 should be so;amended that a certificate’
from the Medical OMicer of Health of the Municipality from which a person
je committed, must accompany the committment that the person so committed
is free from contagious diseases. This would prevent 4 recurrence of what te. and Gigest
ner to four ea i ees tes who committed inmates and be izestion all

a em returned owing to con lous ases existing found on examin- i i Thin
ation by the ddctor at-the County House of Refuge. re enetit from it. Thirst

Regarding ‘the extensive improvements made by the committee at the and fatigue fade

   
    
  
   
  
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
  
    
 

     
     
    
   
    
    
    
      
       
     

 

  

 

fa

  

     
  
   
   
  
  
    
       
  
   
    
   
     
    
 
    
   
    

    
  
    
  
 
  

  
  
  
  
 
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

Teetis breath, appe. |

   
 
 
 
  

     

   

to bo taken into copsidcration. ey for the year 1917. and to.submit a ‘copy of same to the Deputy Minister, De-| pi Og use and on the farm the’ Stanfing, Committee will report to you away. Pluck rete ; ‘ si
_ The Dominion: eta Ba {| partment of Public Highways of Ontario, before May 15th next, the estimate “Tin conelusionet desire to thank both Members and Omelala tor th by i » PeLerns
judgment handed ont Monday £3} to be in the form prescribed by the said Department —Garried =| wilgas assiatgnce during. tho year, c or their good Y its magic aid.

  

“that théipell Teleplione Company still Moved by Mr. Plant;seconded by, Mr..Kéck, that council adjourn to meét

has the right given to it by Its act of | on xfontiay, June 18th, at 2—p.m.—Carried. r

  
      
  
  

“All of which is respectfully submitted. \ 3

 
     

*  {ncorpération to carry on its tusiness | (coened) JW. P. COYLE ~ (Slenéd)” CHAS. B WHALEN:
‘the, corporation limits of the ‘ - 2 > - ae : Ward:
city Ot Witktsor ‘The jadgrient states Sloe Jee Sandwich January 23rd, 4018. = | @iter every.

 

’ that neither the city or the raitway
Ponrd can take this right away from
the company. The city asked the board
for an order fixing: conditions to de-}
termine whether the company liad any |:
i within the ity, and to fix cov-
; upon Which the company might
: uted carry on buainéss. The board! | We recommend that the report of the Suprintendent of County Highways
&. ee - findé that it cannot fix any conditions | tor 1917 be adopted and printed: z ‘ o
§ j feiairine the payment of any money V/e also rocommend that the petition to the Minister‘of Public Works and
or the.granting of any telephone | Highways of the Province of Ontario, stating the amount spent on roads, and
privilozes to’ the municipality. xaking for the Government's proportion for 1917, be adopted, dnd the Warden

        
     
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 

 
   
 
  

    

     

Se
he meal

a “ihe. victim of a paralytic attack, Reforms in the Civil Service ar

° * . = = + ire =

Report of the Highway Committee. Anselm Juneau, 79 years old, passed|nounced. The Civil Service Commis
away Friday evening at the residencd |sioners have repoited in favor of 2

‘To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex, in Conncil assembled: — of his “ese Free ik Juneau, 103 ne few Clyil Service Act for sutmission }
‘ ~e ¢ a avenue, ndsor. Mr. Juneau ad | to Par! ;
Gentlomen,—Wour Highways Committee beg leave to'report as follows:—|heen a resident of Windsor for . the | and Chee nate et ne
past eight years. coming to this city |f{rom the Governmeni to prepare such
from Woodslee, where he successfully |legisiation as they think necessary. In
operated a farm for many years. He|the meantime, certain new regulations
wane univ glad ba rire are to be establishei under the pres-
iB parent 10 place ‘to} ent Clvil Service Aci amd these, it {
are proceeding for the} ond Clérk sign-the came. ; “| Detroit when he was 11 years old, He “ ee] carry oat th, |=
Ofthe Essex County Light & Tha Road Superintendent be requested to prepare hin estimate of | used to say that We foes site of the Sinoslen al Fg the Ger ue
6 system by the On-| costs for expenditures for 1918 and submit.a copy of same to the Detroit city hafl was only a mud hole - aka

 

 
  
  
 
     
  
  
    
    
 

  
   
 

   
 

    
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
 

  
      
   
   

   

         
  
   
  
   
   

  
  

 

mmission, ac-| Minister lic Works, after being approged by the. Highways Co rrived city)

7 > president It fs with pleasure this committee notes the "approval of By-law No. 375 | ey Tau 1 ‘ea ae heed ee ready to follaware
of it, of | by tie Lieutenant-Governor in ‘Co , and recommend thet the ‘same be] aren who’ ; been: granted tempor-|1 bi be provided to
any {s @ sub-| printed, including the letter from the Deputy Minister of Public Highways re} ary exemptions, under the Military |) t outlook for shi

_ power was)}aame. -. s ete oe ‘ yer
orgie ae ne We pyccninied bo x5 the chairman mgt this.-Committee and’ the Acting
the Detroit | tion nt Toronto, cc Februa 1918. ht ee ake Sees
dwieh, with | Tho account o , for cleanlng bridge,

Service Act. t \}be -put é ing U.S. Secreta:
a

; ! 8 ; aren Bad circles. In 4:

, vice and : and To! :

balers pra jot their period of « mn. Ur plan might be feauible, but tt pat tel,

 
 
 
 

    
    

 
 
|
i

SS

Mothers Knaw That
Genuine Castoria

Te
ART IN. WARFARE. ~~

os

| GREATEST OF ALL SUNS.

VIRTUE OF THRIFT.

———

“Color Schemes Used to Deceive the|| Giant Canopus, the Blue Beauty of the | Cultivate it Earnestly, but _Do Not

Eyes of thé Enemy,

Enrly iu the great. world war the
young painters in France formed what
fle, a battalion whose duties consist of
“making up” guns, autos, shelters and
éven whole landscapes to decetye the
enemy's eyes—the neroplanes. They
impart to a munition depot the inno-
cené appenrance of a prairie. The 75's
tmder their hands fake on tho sem-
Dlance of old trees, Tree trunks and
old carts are transfigured by these
artists into ‘formidable’ batteries on
which the hostile fre may spend itseit,

\@ | They color the autos to resemble roads

" Use
For Over
‘Thirty Years

GASTORIA

VME CENVAUR GOMPANY, NEW Vonu CITY,

 

@ KEEPING YOUNG
DSatmeal fe Said’ to Ward Off Age—
Often 20 Years

Two noted scientists, by experiments on
animals, bave proved that youthfulness de-
pends onthe thyroid ginnd. And that some-
thing in oats seems to feed that gland.

It appears that old age can be deferred
many yeare’by caridg for this gland. The
zaaliy cure is to feed it, and thy proper food
8 oats.

Onts contain more energy food, more
food forthe brain, more food for the nerves,
than any other g;rainthat grows. And nowit
seems that they alsoserveto kecpone young.

But common oatment! isn't good enough
for such on important dict: THe rich,
plump grains alone are used in the Pe
of Qunker Onts.. They: areselected b

siftings, and only ten pounds are obtained
from a bushel. »

Quaker Onts means just the cream of
the oats'made delicious, - it costs but one-
half cent per dish. ,

Made in Canada.

om

FISH NETS

DEO

-@ AK J = j
Gund, TRAPS, SPORTING Goons

JOH M HALLAM. Limit=~
406 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

 

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

RACTIOCAL Embalmer, Murrhy St.
5 Amberstburg, Duy or mit
¢ Phone 2

Ladies

HAS. LEGGETT .

2c
GRADUATE OPTICIAN.

Nineteen yours experience. Hundreds of patis
Ged pationté who are living teatimonias
. Exolusive Optical Parle, Main Bt. Kingwel o.

Issuer of Marriage Licenses, +
©. P.R. Ticket Agent.
RAILWAY

L TRUK ( SYSTEM

The ‘Double Track Route.

» Montreal.

}eronto

Detroit

» and

_ Chicago -

| Satin Cr Ste

is: Afdoth ‘anniversary

con
see

CANADIAN NEWS.

The Wellington County Council’ in-
creased its patriotic grant from $60,-
0Q0, to $75,000. j

A School of Navigation with a three
montlis’ course, has bean opened at
Queen's University.

Shortly after midnight, Sunday night,
three prisoners escaped from the Sim-
coe county guo}l, took a horse and cut-
ter and escaped to the north. *

Niagara Falls Board of Trade is
tisking the Government to..forbjd all
retail sale of bacon in Canadaj’ and
to conscript Jabor for farms,

Sailors dnd firemen who before the
war wero receiving $20 a month are
now gelting twice that amount. with
bonus of $20 for hazardous trips.

In avcoliision at -Harrifburg, “Pa.,
of a trolley car and sleigh containing
twenty High: sclrool- studonts . “two
girls were killed and several: injured.

Capt. J. B;/reeman, of Kingston,
has placed his 100-qcre ‘farm. at Hart-
ington at the service of convalescing
returngd soldiers for the period of the
war. Z

Stanley, one-year-old son of, Mr.
and Mrs. George Ford, was burned to
dentht during his mother’s brief ab-
Bence to. buy some- grocerics, The
fathor is overseas.

Hlgin County Council will petition
fhe Ontario Government to grant free
use of: tractors fn Elgin county and
filzo that the use of tile over 12 inches
be allowed free. j

Ieé¢ conditions on the Niagara river
above-the Falls are the worst in 15
years, Hydro and American power
companies are arranging for n con-
certed effort to keep the channel clear
Fok ice,

The death of Actg. Sergt. J. M. Tim-
bers of Hawkesbury was attributed
by Lieut.Col. W. T. Connell, as the re-
sult of a post-mortem examinstion, to
the more ordess porsistent use of wood
alcohcl,. \; ~s

The Sarnja jury which under court
of inquiry Investigated, the death of
Miss Anna Cozens in Sarnia township,
brought in a vordfct that she was of
unsound mind and kille2 herself with
a revolver. ’

Mothers’ pensions and revision of
the ‘stnttiten detailing a fathar’s. re-
+Sponsibility for illegitimate children
re to be pressed before the Ontario
Legislature at its next session by the
Socfal Service Commission of Toronto.
| When an east bound freight train
on the Michigan C&gtra} raflway reach-
|e Buffalo’ on” Sun: morning the
crew found parts of a cutter on the
pilot. The train was run back to near
Waterford, when it was foind that the
train had struck a riz driven by David
Smith, aged 83, of Waterford, killing
the driver instantly. -

Corn ‘growers of ‘the Chatham dis-
trict will be given inasistance by the
West Kent Agricultural . Society
in securing - sead .corn, and ar-
‘rangements. are now being made by
the gociety to purcimse o large quan-
tity of the seed to be distributed to
growers af cost price. A shortage of
good, sged. corn’ ‘is anticipated this
yenr, but thp fair board hope to be
able to securo @n adequate supply.

The military authorities report that
the publication of the names of mon
who failed to. ree under the Military
Service Act is sulting in a targe
number of> the defaultérs {n° question.
giving theinselves up yoluntafily, with
various excuses for thelr délay. — Ac-
cording’ to :the excuses offered, the

chief
tet Sgreas, botwaedtr th they
ir-ad ween the ie -

are Sanined by the medical “board
and the date the notices to report were
Pear othage neue eet rin " rwere

ents, ving at thelr own
anes 1e to whom

‘homes; the peopl the notice

——

Mr..and, Mra. Gearge |"? Sent had.no way of forwarding {t,
conceasion, Mafd-|- :
nion Friday

or flelds,

The grand chief of the Camoufe 1s
the celebrated decorator Forain, who
earned His War cross at the front. Nor
is this work without {ts dangers, The
camoufleur must repeatedly ascend in
avions to judge the effect of bis work
or to decide on ‘the necessary retouch-
ing to-be done, He must sometimes
advance ahend of the first lines during
the night to take measnrements which
will permit him to imitate exactly a
certain tree trunk or a part of a crum>
bled wall in No Man's Land, which
must. be copied, molded. by clever
sculptora and armored the same night
to Serve aos shelters for observers.

_ IRON IN WATER.

The Merest Trace of tho Metal Will
impart a Distinct Taint.

What would you consider one of the
most powerful agents with- which to |
flavor water? Would it be fron?

A half part per million of Iren in wa-
ter {s detectable by taste, amd more
than four or five parts make a water
unpalatable. In some mineral springs
iron is the constituent which imparts
a medicinal value to the water, but
ordinarily it is undesirable.

More than 2.5 parts per milllion in
Water used for laundering miakes a
stain on clothes. Iron must be remoy-
ed’ from water from which ice is made
or'n cloudy discolored product will re-
sult, Ar fron content of over two or
three parts per tmillion in water used
in the manufacture of paper will stain
the paper,

Tron 18 harmful in water used for |
steaming, for it isin equillbrium with
acids which inside the boiler become. |
dissociated, with the result that tine
free acids corrode the Doiler pJmtes,
but the amount of iron‘earrled {yp solu-
ton by most waters is so smalj) that
the damage, it does to steam byollers
generally amounts to little.” The re-
moval of fron from water Js seimetimes
easy and sometimey very ifficnit. —

A Little Bit o’ Braiss,

“It is Just a little bit o’ bipass,” laugh-
ed a St. Louls girl wlio keeps house,
“but It ts a-useful little pit. 1 use it to
scrapo my disbes before ] wash them
and particularly my ooking dishes,
pots and pans and suc things, 1t can
be kept’ clean so mitich more easily
than’ one of those wire things or any
other arrangement thiat I have liad, It ;
14 just 2 plain, amooiy, oblong plepe of
| brass with a small) hole in it, and it
has smooth edges tow, There is natb-
ing to catch or Hold’ any dirt It does
not cut like a knife nor serrata, but re-
moyes just what it is supposed to re-
move and leaves the resé Moreover,
it is not only useful, but. decorative,
too, hanging here over the sink by the
Window, where the sunshine makes it
look like a little square of gold.”

————__—___
Foundation of Happy Marriage,
In the Woman's Home Companion a
writer says;
“It was Jane Welsh Carlyle who
wrote these words after thirty years of
married life: .

““T married fot ambition. ‘Carlyle

| bns’excecded all that my wildest hopes

1 for mon failing to: report | Dever

ever imagined, and 1 9m miserable.’

“Science has taught us a great many
interesting things about ract progress
and eugenics, but the fundamental
principle of eugenics ‘seema to have
discovered itself very early in the his-
tory of the race. Healthy, children are ;
usually those who are born of happy |
marriages.” ‘

Keep the Weeds Down.
Attack” the weeds as sodn as they
appear in the garden. It Js less work
to keep a garden elean from the be-”|
ginning than it is after the weeds have
made a good start, Weeds aro gross
feeders and rob the garden plants of
food/and moisture they reqtire.
(Bandelions, plantnin and dock. can
| best be removed from the awn by cut
ting them off below the crown. Till
up ‘the holés with earth.” Cot ;the
woeds every two weeks and all wil)
Soon disappear. :

Once-Was Enough, _

Mrs. McLap about to pull off a
social for the benefit of the Civic cinb.
| ‘Are’ you golng to invite Mrs. Nex-
dove?” anked her niece. :
BG) say not wered the ee
lady.” “4 entertained her once, apd she
xecuperated.” ; A

“te Weutd,
“What ‘Kind of. a dfess would. be

most appropriate for,m garden party?”
A > asaya bed x - y

‘ Southern’ Hemipphere.
Star guseta of northern lands often

| overlook the fact that some of the
they called the Batailion de la Camov: |

| most brilliant and beautiful stars and
finest nebulae and star closters in the
heavens belong to the southern hem-
Isphere and are not visiblo in our Iati-
tudes, ~ ve /
Magnificent blue Canopus, the second
brightest star jp tlic béavens, Nes just
felow our southern horizon in the
large and important southern constella-
tion Argo Navis, named far the famous
ship of the ‘Argouauts. It is usually
divided info three constellations—Pup-
pis, Carina and Vela. Canopus. was
the chief pilot of the Argotinuts, but
the star was known ‘and worshiped
on the banks of the Nile long before
it received tts mme from the Greeks
and has been called the Star of Egypt.
Tt has also been a guide to many tribes
in Africa, South Amerlen and Austra-
Na in their journeys throdgh pathicss
wilds, s ’
Although Sirius appears nearly twice
as brilliant «1s Canoyins, this iy due
omy to the fact that Sirius is compara-
tively near to us. not. quite nine tight
Years distant, whille Canopus has been
estimated. to be at a distance of 406
Nghe years. It Is, as Ynr as we know,
the greatest of al) the giant” suns,
equal in light giving power to 55,000
suns such os our own, Sirlus, with a
brilianey estimated -at forty-elght
Umes that of the sun. shrinks Into a
Dyswy when contrasted with Canopus,

CARVED JADE.

It Takes Chinere Patience to Work
This Hard Oriental Stone,
When you go into on orlental shop
in any big city yyn-are almost sure to
see rings or necklaces or bracelets
which are a pretty. ‘clear green fu col-
or aud are mide out of jude, If you
ask the shopmun to te}] you something
about jade he will answer thut tbe
true jade 1s seldom found outside of
Asia and Oceanlea, but that in these
parts of the world it js to be bud in

considerable quantities,

You, of course. know that a din-
mond js so hard that it will scratch
glass, but perbaps you hove not beard
that Jade is also extremely tough aud
will cut glass and qintiz Becingse of
its great bardness the mun who carves
it must possess vast patience, und the
Chinese are almost the only ypitople
who bave sufficient patience and per-
alstence to carve desigiis In jade.

The Chinese make nuinberless arti
eles out of jade—paper welghis, ban-
dles for swords, belts, baugles, rings,
vases, cups, plates. pendants. and so on.

Jade‘ls far from cheap to bny. Now-
adays fine pieces of jade ure just ax
much valued among collectors as are
ne pointings for thelr grent beauty
und artistic valine. So, thenSit some
one gives you-a little pendant of carv-
ed jade, you will understand that you
-have a present which not only would
be valued highly today, Lut one which
many peoples in all dimes would buye
treasured Se

“Tha Cat and the Chickens,

An authentic story tells of a nule cat
and a female cat In France tlint lived on
terms of perfect amity witli al) the nani-
Mnals on the place—dogy, chickens and
what not. It-so bappened that a hen
which had a brood of: seven chickens
wng kill? accidentally. The. eat, which
some two weeks before had been de-
prived of her kittens, appeared to ob-
serve the predicament of the seven iIit-
tle chickens, She crawled into their
nest, and the chickens; looking for
wurmth, nestled juté her warm fur,
peeping (gratefully. The-chickens, fed
by their owner, throve perfectly, and
every day the strange sight was pre-
sénted of their followlng the mother cat
about the premises as if expecting her
to find them food after-the manner of
a hen.

Few Roads In China.

Thot industrial development must
stugnate so long as transport facilities
are inadeauate needs nO emphasis, and
when.it {s borne in mind {hat there is
not a road worthy of the nume, so much
as 100 miles long through China, it
becomes evident that the country is
very severely handicapped. Certainly
there-are tho riversund canals, which
Intersect tH land in every.- direction,
but locomotion on them fs. naturally
slow and uncertain, Rallways,are few
and far between and serve only to con-

 nect a few of the Jarger centers

© Constellation “of Orion.
< Lhe constellation: knowias Orton: te

preferred to in. Job ix, 9 and sxiwit, 31.
; Orion is: the “giant” of oriciital as--

tronomy, and the giant was Nimrod,

the mighty hunter, fabled) to have been |

bound in the sky for impjefy.. The two

dogs and the bure fn nearby. constella-

fons made his train complete. <
Se

Strange Happening. ae

is

“T saw a man witli a crowd. around_

him: go up to-another man and dellb-

erately knife him without 'a single one.

dnterfering.” ao %
“Was be a Black Honder?” 4
“No; he wae w aurgeou.’

>

ba eet ret
“f don't cee anything remarkable
sbont that baby,” ah,
“Oh, but you would if it was yours.”

Carry It to Exceus, ~

Thrift is a composite quality. It em-
braces within itself nearly all of the
Great virtucs.
prudence, forethuught, self denin).

It certainly ios no relation to nig-
gardliness or meanness,

Some men would let their grand-
mothers starve for the sake of a few
dollars. Such action cannot be called
thrifty. A virtue curried to excess be-
comes a vice and is no longer a virtue.

Thrift that does not take into part-

oership honesty of charaéter developa |

Into covetousness nnd avarice,

Thrift is the opposite of thriftless-
Qess, prodigality, {mprovidence and
Waste.

Thrift means better hémeés and bet-
ter food, more comfort and enjoyment,
less waste and less anxicty.

It is possible that a large proportion
of people haye carnings so small that
saving seems impossible. But this {a no
reason for their being unthrifty. On
the contrary, it fs reason for making.
tho best and the most of the little they
bave for their health, comfort and true
happiness,

A few dollars in n home or a savings
bank, or any safe invesment, is as good
Seed a8 ever Was sown.

Out of it grow confidence, quickened
energies, firmer courage, more stalwart
thought and hope, more orderly citizen-
ship, education for the ebildren and the
independence and self respect that lift
almiess, bopeless drudges up to the
true manhood that aspires and achieves,
—Christian Herald.

QUEER WEDDING CUSTOMS.

in India tho Native Gueste Literally
Paint the Town Red.

They have some curiovs wedding
ustoms in India. At a native wed-
jing in Bombay the wedding guests
ilterally “paint the town. red” by
throwing on one another a kind of red
powder untill they are crimson from
aead to foot. ’ Their disordered white
draperies, the stains und splashes on
thelr faces and hair give them the ap-
pearance of victims of n massacre. In
{ndia balls which may be secured for a
imall rental are provided for: these
teremonies. But wefldings are also
‘celebrated in the Hindu temples, with
wiests in- attendance. In a ‘Hindu
temple a bride of twelve must seat
derself on a stone and De drenched
with water by her bridesmaids. Be-
ulnd ber, her mother is subjected to a
similar deluge, and nt a short distance ,
dehind the bride's mother the grand-
nother undergoes the same treatment,
while in front-of the dripping ‘trio two
ariests ‘sit beside o briskly burning

woot fire mumbling {he prescribed i

words for the ceremony. “One casts a
few grains of rice Into the fire and the
ther, with a Indle, throws into it a few
lrops of oil.

During these performances the bride-
zroom,. sented in a carriage outsidd
the temple, receives the congratula-
dons of his friends. In the far east
the bridegroom wonld seem to be the
Dember of the party most to be en-
riled.

Japanned English.

A prominent merehant in Osal:a, Ja.
pan, sent the following to an English
drm:

Messrs.—We have much pleasure: to
requesting your Intest cutnlogue of
your products, price list and discount
sheets. If it turns satisfactory we
shall consider the question of the large
orders. Now, our aim doing in this
mise is our first attempt to prepare our-
selves to purchase.of the products di-
tectory froni makers instead of the
broker of cach side. We must bez
yotr kind co-operation on this new
agiovements. We are of opinion as well
as'our customers bere thut yell proba-
bly obliged us to follow this new prin-
aple. » Trusting’ that the sult will be
encouraging the further business, and
remaln,*ete.

Strictly Ornamental.

Man's only nonutilitarian garment is
the necktic. It’s as useless as a mov-
dele, Yet we wear‘em. We'd feel aw-
folly awkward walking down the’'street
without one. Once upon a time the
necktie was used to fasten the collar
zu. But now it doesn't do that. Man's
oektie ig the Indian's eagle feather,
the cannibal's necklacs of teeth, the
mid-African'’s ivory earrings. It's his
pride, on Which tie bestows much
thonght, great care. We wonder what
would bappen to the vanity of the hn-
man race, masculine half, in case of a
recktie famine.

Effect of Discipline.

“Just see bow the chickens mind the:
ada hen, Robby,” safd Mrs. Norris to
ber son. “Watch them run to her
when she calls them.”

“I sup she sat on them when
they were- little.” remarked the infant
phenomenon reflectively. 2

Clever Child.

“You can't eat your cake and have
it wn
“Well, ma, if T want cake to look at
there's: plenty in the baker's window,”

—_—_—_—_—_—_—_—
" . Leok Ahead.

Henry Ward Beecher said, “Don't be

tke a gtasshopper, which, jumpa Arse

‘aud afterward Jopks round for o place

- et hay'll Help. Sort There.) .
Baye the old tin cans.” You'l) be pnt~
stig them to good con °

’

It involves indugtry, |

| the thumb and: index finger in

| forward without bending the back,
|
|
‘

NOSEBLEED. 1m i ig y
N THE ORDINARY CASE of nosebleed the loss of blood will
spontaneously {na few minutes if the sufferer will remain quiaf,
some cases the loss of a few teaspoonfuls of blood {a helpful
than harmful, and, therefor, {t is juat as well’ fo wait a few: minutes

for spontareous stoppage.
. Wier: the timetto do somethin
; simplest procedures pogsible, -

press the wings of the nose aga

tfon which separates the nostrils from each other.

of tae fingers on the nostrils is ve
minutes should be consumed in t

urning the nose loose;

g arrives it is well to make: use of the
Grasp the soft part of the. nose, petweds

such a way as to close both nostrils, an
inst the septum.

: The: septum. isrthe parti-
The head {s then: leaned .

After about ten minutes the, prensui
ry slowly and gradually. lessened,, Five

In, the: majority

of instances the bleeding takes place from a vessel within the territaty

pressed upon.
stop the hemorrhage.

The method 1s also efficacio
The method of cure in that c
blood,-. The blood coagulates.
good judgment to leave the clots
bleeding has stopped.

If theso methods fail ‘the
examines the membrane for t

probably pack thé nose.

There are many causes for nosebleed.

are easisr remedied than others,
1, Too much blood. Where
congestive headache {t gives relief.
2. Over-exertion.. The nose
playing hard belongs Ip this gro
a few minutes,
3. The onset
with noseblead,
4. Growths in the nose.
5. Injuries,
6. Chronic diseases and
pernicious anemia and leukemia,
blood pressure MK

up.

When such is the case the pressure is

conditions—e.¢.,
i.
Kidney disease and heart disease:

reasonably certain to

us when the bleeding point is higher up, -
ase is as follows: v
The clot stops the hemorrhages It js
In the nose for at least an-hour after the’
They can then
kerchlef o: by washing in slightly cold F
physician must be called upon.
ho. bleeding point.
toueh itwith crustic or some milder application.

The: nostrils Ol) up. with

be cleaned out with a clean. hand-
water, eer tary ES
He? usually
If he finds it ho may
Or, this failing, he will

This explains why some cases

Among the causes are the following: —
nosebleed comes
A certain amount of bleeding helps.”

bleed which comes on while ehifldren aro

hlong with a severe

The bleeding stops spontancéously in

of infections. Typhoid particularly is Mable. to start

Nasal polyp! are especially to be mentioned.
including the scratche

8 made by picking the nose._
hemophylia  (bleeders),
Vicarious menstruation, 8, High

SIX-YEAR MOLARS,

Notice the mouth of any middle-a

laughs or opens the mouth
is that you will notice
Jaws. “The vacant
of the mouth, ‘If you ask’a dentis
will tell you the six-year molar,

It is significant that tho logs of teeth begins with ¢

The reason js easily understood.
years of age. It seems to be the |
the first of the permanent teeth.

Boys andgirls do not begin to brush their tee
school,\begin to have sweethearts, and in conseque
The urge to brush the hair,
to. wear a tle, and to brush the teeth all ground
consequence the six-year molars have had< several y
the habit of brushing the teeth is established.
not cleaned as easily as are the front teeth.

Presently the molars begin to ache,

personal appearance,

a large cavity.
pull it,” {8 his verdict.
universal in middle-aged people.

The six-year molar is not a delicate tooth,
Instead of be

ft a habit must be changed.

“The tooth is too far gone.
And jn conse

sed man or woman when he or- sho

widely in speaking or singing: -The chance
One tooth gone on each side of both upper and lower
space Ig always at the same place—toward the co ig
t which tooth it is that is migsing“he

he six-year. molar.”

The six-year molar comes in at about 6ix
ast of the temporary teeth. It.is in fact

th until they get into
nee take pride in their
, to keep the clothes clean,»
in the same instinct. Jn
ears of neglect beforo
And then ‘again they gre”

A dentist {s consulted.” He finds.
It will be easier and-better to”
quence the unsightly gap so nearly —

It.can be saved. To savo ~
ginning the care of the teeth us

4 part of the praadolascent sex urge, it should bo began in the home in. the

pre-school years,, If children fo
to brush and clean the teeth ave

the mouth,

By the time the six-year molars aro
for the teeth will have been thoroughly established.

ur years old and even younger were taught —
ry day, and if the
perlodically there would be none of these unsigh

y were sent to the dentist
tly gips at the corners of
cut the habit of caring’

 

Pugnacious Earwigs.

Earwigs ara quiirrelsome creatures
and are-giwiys ready to use thelr nip-
pered tails against each other on the
slightest provocation. “When the Neht
of a litup falls upon them congregated
at the sugar some sve more scared
thon (he others and sehttle away,
when ench earwig which they nearly
touch in flight will savagely swing

| back its tall and’ nip fi. the air, with

!

fury." Sometimes the Dlow fills upow
a neighbor, which fnstantly retaliate,
and half a dozen furious nips are Tap.
idly interchanged. But dghtiiz welgtt
quickly settles the quarrel, the smaller
earwig scuttling off and the larger pur-
sulog*him for several inches, rioting
backward ‘and redcliing savagely tb
right and left, with lis nippers. Yer
these same earwigs, so viridictive at
meals, will be crammed, all sizes to-
gether, Into any hole or crack by day.—
London Globe.
——————__
A Real Experiente.,

“?¥es,” said a tfaveling man, “I was
once out of sight of lund on the Atlan-
tic ocean’ twenty-one days.” .

Another man spoke up: “On the Pa-
cific ocean one-fime 1 didn't see tand
for twenty-nine days.” >» : :

A Bald man knocked the ashes from
bis cigan and contributed his bit;

“I started across the Kaw river at
Tokepa tn a aiff once,” he said, “and”
was out of sigh of land before I
reached the other gide.”

“What!” demanded the man who
had spun the frst yarn. “The Kaw is
not more than 300 feet wide at To-
peka.” re

“Qaite true,” said the. bald “man

quietly. “The skiff turned over, and I

sank twice."
ae ip eg hp
Women and the Styles.

“Yhis article Gays." remarked Mra.
McWinkle, ‘that osteopathy hos been
tho cause of the dissemnmesn Ge a
much wider® Knowledge, of buman
anatomy, than ever existed before the
development of that branch of scl-
éncd.”, :
“Tam aware,” replicd Mr. MeWinkle,
who is an observant man, “that knowl-”
edge of human *nnatomy, particularly
of female antomy, is mucb mom gen-
eral thon it was a, few decades ago,
bat 1 had’ supposed that the’ modistes

a not the osteopathists were reapon-

ble.”

| .
Object Unobjected To.

_ Doctor—You are’ now convalesten
and all you need in exercise, —
should walk ten or twenty miles a
air, but your wilking: )
jobject. Pattent—Alr ‘doctor;

{travel around trying to borrow

=

¢o pay your |
es es = .

t, |
oa

|

Sunny Winter Heg Bunk. — /~

The A shaped hogbunk bas been
much improved to make comfort for
the-sow and her litter by tbe addition
of enlarged doortnys,” fools th “the
top.upon which to-suspend a lantern,

burlap doors to jn¢loge the quarters *

during a -storm, lass -;window -panes
in thjends and side elevations to ad-
mit Mght Tie accompanying cnt,
however, shows a good,, Practical plan
of bunk. we a

It admits plenty of sunshine, for with}

the roof door elevated every nook and:

cranny is exposed ta the sun of mid.
day. This is‘fine’for tho ‘sow and her-
litter and also preventg: the . :
material from becoming damp.) - -

The ‘door is held up‘-at almost
elevation by.the prop-shown'-in

any
‘ the
Upper corner, ono end of whith. is. fit-'
the

Py ae. 4, se
Capt. John C. Pringle, a voters
pilot of the GreatsLakes,-died on Fri-
day at his home in St. Clair; He aut-

fered _a paralytic stroke sev: yr

ago from which he never fully ook
ered. He was born in Morristown, N.
Y.. January 18th, y839. He

Jato. Years, president of the

Barge win
active head’, t:

 
  

 

 
   
  
  
    
 
   
    
      

    
   
    
   
   
 
   
  
      
    

 

      
  
    
     
     
       
    
     
      
    
 

 

 

 
  

*

| we 2 tate oe oe
frome, Seeimd not come oe ie oe
lary att tie aoe ao EL ere wee it:
‘pores at Sie wee coor.’

r, Bee 28

 

   
   

    
 
   

* the eet
Pore

  
    
 
  

yet there ip
+ rene ot Lebecrton 3) seat eee |

   

img an he giles oer orgie tej
Tiree Some Bib come |
De weer Cotes BMicUafieer taf}
geeeiet tim tess The Semiie oe |

it imma et «f eee Demiee— |

zc he bene oo Fort Wetretes Tort
ram itn

2 ome at Sot

 

 

  

FROer, FESRELTY “= WE ewarecy jemtmemie, oe its tar = Eatemiet

 

   

 
 
 

 
   

z é Pam erce Tes ene amt CSharties fel Ge somfeniton: 7
= Oteasr. Common Com 1 oy Za oo ee eee Gee Bet. ct Tes
heen, Commies at een = ax fae aon SHE Premed Tees z

 

the fot maces Det OF yee moe af Beas Seam Trentino

 

  

 
    

  
  

 

  

aeg tomes cot suri me gs ap SS et Werte ct Beers hot Bieter ta Soe ites af otis ;
Qaiss Cac fie WW oppure (ie. Mere eos oe 4 cee Te teem mo ots wie: wert
ae eine 2 : jor. & fon ot dor —Gobn of Bees |
ie co tani Tunes desceet- Tilieon «f Wim
cists Sac Dew sien Vilean Soe ast
tae wees AAs EY Tit cS ‘wet
eereesery. withe cue heres | Seti f

  

+ doen qui gies mee Shee @
tie 2 ei mw Bow)
= 2 Wrage oe 5
icing Wee |
comme. |
mepre anf FS Bete
sees Sree oe
mm met ant sages st oe |

tk

Me wat mag sf Se mill
wha ae oe Cacti
ne wettest ap wen ec OTE Tit e
o Pretaet Ts wee Weel Ww Teer tA
“pid is “allie ss

<peetruetes =
ao Bert, empties

 

 
  

am

 

   
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

    
 

 

geomet ty _ - a nes 2 Se owt |
~ snr <e YRS ecm .
sore toe ue ait rc te = uk a eae iii
srt nioring a =

 

Gere 1 iiorwrt
ter qlee 4
Beran fit

 

fo see coon at pment {
i tor fone weesee. UE.
temiop Do a
at Go Sew Cee;
tee wept een}
Teer Torte

taser
x

 

    
 
   
 
  
     
     
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
 
   
      
 

ct wee
rear

aoe e

cons

wre ac ter
Cnr eos

sefetetestsfosesefefetstsfsfseseteteteststssboetestesdesbbebsedetsteb botched etstaesbobbdedb bobbed bbe,

Bier y

‘Spates

weap ifaw. §

 

“Pi Pea Tx
w Soest

= t Sess
én State Sa Se
Seon st © memes ti
Wiésisers Ti orcurz *
ee A .

The ‘ 1 “ore
pewet + raw oon
a Ais + mete
aides Oe Oe
evasam. Tis
Maes 6 OTe 377
ton or tre pots 4

Mearset Sal 4g

+ date. Hier ot &

   

Es5Ef COUNTY HONK

 

Creat paris ?
ORE Treeesrtcts
tote

Fee Sui wee

+) Gites. us

dere, BT be i
Aa er

te ES Gert Pex

he teh A oe wee
wea the asitoemes

tye A urs

ime, 2* overet
Ae (Axe

16%) & MM —Ore

 

   

    
  
  

  
    
   
  
 
  

exiemes Coz

cs a

 

Gp Cece
BW County Ane

 

 

‘ The Essex County Men's. Store

ie ‘Our Great 1-4 Off Sale is over. Now
tor Late Winter and Early Spring
wearables. No matter what
you require--—-

‘Sait, Overcoat, Separate Pants,
| Underclothes, Hats, Caps,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

79¢

ite. = for See

  
 

 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
         

   
   
  

afooforfoetanf-ofoofecfoofoafoofoofecfeofonfeofonfooseofoofenlenfocfenoelontoofonfonte

\

 

others $10

$4.95

OATS

good coats

“$3.00

for

Dark Brown only
s. Note the sizes,

7 9Be

pe

  

36e. or 3 fora dotlar

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

sje feofeobstodesteqeobstedeseseststeteseseststeteoestslestototectesbsbodeteteststoteted

    

  
 

vee Larabee farm & ffry acre cm G27 ever sb
fprmeriy osmed OF
Atkin Mr. Laramie takem)2¢ the etriy are

 

  

et sears & moe

  

possecsion Fi Tk \ar t= Soe ef two weeks wit
Dougie: Brest. wm of Mr. and Mra fee & ce. It was = sick

George Erask, is a= H

fre sow Who joised the enter:

 

  
  

  
 

 

 

  
   

 

jures amd friemda as the Ex
- Seems 4 to BS pectiee tetera

 

 

rt
don. Pe Brass make Eo gions (Say soesieg when ste tock 2 tert?
for (he wom anf crotmly wiakeood |

just ime ext Ske ieaves ts

ws

tthe efecer Hees The femecal

     
 
 
 

j_ Tx regular meeting of
Bet Cross Cirsie

‘aves it. 50. A bale vat
Sas sext to Hyman Hall Leet
Site contained pairs of

pairs of

ass

f
i'd

i .
Hh

F

il

thsig rt PEs,
Seartier. Docetty May. passed ower’

her ines the bereaved garents und ier

= fed tae Sereaved friemts and reintines
aiset a ths taoeaeant
S No. 4; the Malées Mectodis: eharcs Toes
j-2F afternoca. -Jazuary 2th Dues |

=

H

ee tee

artlet, Macdonald & Gow

. (9-11-12 Sandwich St. Exst az2 16 Ozellcite Ave.

 
        

 
 

        
  
    
     
 
 
    

   

  

   
    
  
     
      

3

wes

  
    
   
       
  

i

     

af

— 4
Save - Yes - Save}

 

   
   

    

‘Separate Trocser: trom..

 

  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
           

deo sesteohefoodeobostoobeolsdeslosealeolosoodeolesdoobesbecosdeohesbsbeoboobodeobesbodertoserteobefesterliortorbdob edb eb eb EP Ph ee

 

 

 

 

Paes oD

  

iw

       

dest three cays more cf our Big Sale. We hae had a big sale -
he past tec wtexs; many Rave taken advantage of it. Were you ont” i
oes yoo car stl! set a better bargain hete-than at anyother place.
eck is 2!) mew angup 45 date. We must raise $2,000.00 (re
gerSesric! the slaughter of cur goods.

JUST READ A FEW OF THESE BARGAINS

Young Men's Suits

Sizes 4 to 40
Worth $15.00, now..>...$ 11.50.

 

    

   

 
 

   
   
  

 

Worth 29.00,
Worth | 25.00.
Worth 20.00,

 

 

Children's Sats J
Sizes 2!4 years to 14 years. | \

oo a
$16.08, now Worth $5.50, now........$475

i298. now. .... 950
154%. mow....... 1350

|

|

b

tf

ti

'
Sizes 26 to 2 ‘ |.
mony eae $200 | | .
| Worth 7.50, now... 6S
Worth 1100, now. 50
OVERCOATS—Chiléren’: Youths’ and Men’é. all at greatly
prices.

Work Skirts fron

      
 
 

Kutchex’s Oreralis and Smocks.

   
 

He-vy Wool Underwear and Fleec =
asd combinations, ai greatly reduced sang ae ne

‘Sretier Coats at a bargain price.

We handle the highest : -
qenaty. Give us 2s trial Satlstuctinn pa Big

Agents for.
Columbia Grafonolas

TT

 

       
 
       

  

  

   
 
    
   
   
  
 

a

 
 
th by the ice of the Peace of the Conaty of Essex, from the Yist: i of ‘Sees, Snir to the 30th day of Noveiaber AD. 1917.

» To Whom Amount o ( sinew nT ; FEES,
Namo of Prosecutor. | Name of Defendant. Nature of Charge. Pald Over by Ponaity, Fine] When to |Pald to Sald Name ‘of Convicting Juatice. Magis- Con- wit
ee . pee Conviction. -  Sald Justice, or Damageé.| be Pald. | Justice. ‘trate.  atable.  neasar.

A. B. Griffith.......'F, S.,Karwachi ...,,../Bronch of Motor Vehicle Act........|Sept. * red Miera,: 10 O) Sept.
A, B. Griffith,...... Louis Nantais ... -|/Breach of Ontario Temperance ‘Act... Miers,
“ » Charles Coley Breach of Ontario, Temperance Act.. Miers,
-'Joseph Alor” . *.|Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. Miors,
‘Annie Ross -|Breach of Ontario Temperance Act... Miera,
F Stewart Ellis ........\Brench of Motor Vehicle Act.... Miers,
A. B. Griffith... \Elien Dario ~ -|Brench of Ontario Temperance Act...
A. B Grifith.. ‘Sylvin Cardinal . .|Disorderly conduct
A. B. Griffith... Marie Meloche .. Disorderly conduct Miora,
A. B. ae. --|Adolph Mailloux . Bronch of Ontario Temperance ‘Act. wep oy G\Alfred Miors, P. Ar
Tom Leo . -./Claude Langlois Disorderly conduct ...,.......... ot Miers, P. M.......-.-jpentence suspended
Tom Loe . ../Tony Renaud Disorderly conduct . Sho Miers, RP. M........../sentence aus|)ended

Tom Lee . ...|Frank Mayfield -. Disorderly conduct .,. rc: Ses Miers, PSone sentenced sua pendod an untruthful a or one
Tom Lee -|Walter Teno ..,.......|Disorderly conduct Masia : -Mtera, -ses+,-[sontence suspended

OM... . full ani tten, consent woman
TOW, Wee. eras cscs Victor Scott:.... -|Disorderly conduct ety we Miers, P. ++. -4sentencoe sul/pended \ who Sane s rer oy:
Tom Lee jWillie Baker ‘ Disorderly conduct nt See! Miers,’P. M.. -jsentence sus/pended
A. B. Griffith Isracl Beéllairo ».......)Fighting . . Miers, x 2 00 8 Town Treasurer
A. B. Griffith «Joc Sawyer , Pighting Miers, P. M.. ¢ 2 00 15 Town Trensurer ,..,..
A. B. Griffith ‘John Cockerhan ..,...|/Breach of Ontarlo Temporance Act. . TAltred Miers, P.-M.. 10 ob 7 Town Treasurer ...
A. B, Griffith ‘Archie’ McDougall... .|Brench of Ontario Temeperance Act. . TAlfred Miors, P. M........++ 10) 00) ' 7TTown Trensurer ....
D. McKillop Stephen Moolitk ...../Theft 12)Alfred Mlera, P. 5 00 12 Clerk of the Peace..
A. B. Griffith....././Edwin Pegler .... -|Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 12)/Alfred Miers, P. ; 10 00 yn Treasurer ....
A. B. Griffith.......;Daniel Wakefleld Breach of Motor Vehicld Act + 12/Alfred Miers, P. sentence on :

pel lededeeteebeeobobobsbtetebtedebsbobebabetetotebdebebsbbe bbe ttt teeth ttt PEE Eb

Pee

Shown. Tesnaurer Bs

- Paid $10, Town Treasure

orto Abe nao eae Wun isa aa

i Town Treasurer .,..... the letters dle:
4 Town Trehgurer ..,. he vse! th

6 Town Treagurer ..
5 Town Treasurer ...

6 Town. (Tronsurepyniee r,s: sere ee is

 

harm Medicine Co. is te ke

ham’s Végetable Com

health and happiness into their Pa ives,

ounce burdened with pain and pone
It has relieved women from

the worst forms of female ills,

placements, inflammation; _ cn, ee

M. _N. Moussenu,...) William Cale Breach of Ontarlo Temperance Act.. 13/Alfred Miers, P. M... Rh 10 16 License Inspector .
A. B. Griffith... -/Prank Nantais .......|Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 16/Alfred Miers, P. M.. 10 18 Town Treasurer
A. B. Griffith ‘James Kinch ... ..-|Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 17\Alfred Miera, r 10 0D 17 Town Treasurer .
5 Harry Wood .,.|Breach of Ontarfo Temperance Act.. 24\Alfred Miers, P. M.. 10 00 ‘ 24 Town Treasurer .
A. J, Burchte) /Thomas Grondin of Ontario Temperance Act.. 26\Alfred Miers, P. M:< : 10 00 27 Town Treagurer
A. By Griffith. |David. John Drunk and disorderly 3|Alfred Miers, P. ; 10 00) Ict Poco tore Moh
A. B. Griffith ?......!Joseph Garant ..:....)Drunk and disorderly rome : 3|Alfred Miers, P. M.. 10 ab " Treasurer .
S. C. Robinson......|Howard Raw Theft ee g Alfred Miers, P. sentence sus|yended “

S. C, Robinson Robert McIntosli .....,/Theft ,., ae Ee “3 Alfred Miera, ...|8entence , sus pended
S. C, Robinson.....-/Arthur Dufour... : “ 3 Alfred Miers, P. M.. .,./sentencé “aus pended
A. B. Griffith......./A. Benoraff .. , Brench of. town by-lin Se qAlfred Mierg, P. M. ...(8entence gus| ended
A. B. Griffith......./James Markio . Breach of Motor Vehicle Act 19 Alfred Miers, P. M.. aoe oD Treasurer
B, Griffith. JEM Benoit Breach of Ontarfo Temperance Act. . : 10 Alfred Miefa, P. M.. Ap \Oct. , Treasurer
B. Grifiith, «|F. BY Smith Breach of Motor Vehicle Act | g Alfred Mie Abs ee xe
B, Griffith. .|Nick Blosak Disorderly conduct a o Alfred Miors, P. M.. is : vn Treasurer
Grifith......./Oliver Toulouse ....., Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. oq Alfred Miers, P. M.. Ah Treasurer ...
. Griffith \John Wills . Carrying revolver - 29 Alfred Miers, P. M.. oe “ . of the Pence.
. Grifith......./Harold Dufoe ........ Carrying revolver : E 1 Alfred Miers, P. M.. its 1\Clerk of the Peace.
Burchiel le FP. Babbage........ Breach Ontario Témperance yore | 1 Alfred Miers, P. M.. 8 Town Treasurer .
Griffith. ..,.../Louls Nantais .,...,../Breach of Ontario Temperance Act... 8 Alfred Miers, P. 9/Town Treasurer
Grifith......./Raymond Suller .,,... Breach of Motor Vehicle Act... 9 Alfred Miers, P. M. So 12,Town Treasurer ...
Griffth......./Merle Jensen ~Breach of Motor Vehicle Act 12 Alfred Miers, P. yn Tredsurer ...
Here.,.......|Mra. J. Newshoaky.., .|‘Theft 2. 12 Alfred. Miers, ...|sentence gus pended
Hare........./Arthur Latirendeau «,_.|Theft 14 Alfred Miers, P. M..........|sentence sugipended
Griffith,....../Joseph Garant .. .'Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 14 Alfred Miers, P. M.. . 10 ‘ Treasurer...
= Harry Cooper .. , ‘Breach Ontario Temperance Act. . 19 Alfred Miers, P. M.. 10 . Treasurer ...
®. Griffith ; «JK. Laraurbeck . i [Breach Ontario Temperance Act.. 19 Alfred Miors, P. M.. [2 7") t / Treasurer ...

 

ecco
SSsssssssss

irre
sone treables and frpen te the blues.

Its impossible for any womas who
is weohl.and who
has never suffered
to realize how these
poor, suffering wo-
men feel when re-
stored to health;
their keen desire to
help other women
who are suffering as

they did.

 

te to bo be be bo tS bo te he bo be ee

ecceoescso
coos

S

 

Colchester North Council.
~ Tuesday, ‘January 15th.

Tie council met as per statutes,
Monday, Januaty 14th, st 11 om, The
Clerk being unable to be present, the
council adjournéd until the 16th.

Council met at 1 p.a., January 16th,
sll members prescribing to thelr
necessiry oaths,

On motion of Messrs. Sweetniain and.

Srp hse spye

A. Hore... + George Smith 19 Alfred Miers, P. M.. .. ./Bentence nended
Gilbert Tremblay . Orc or 19 Alfred Miers, P. M..........|sentence jonnded
..,.{Frank. Baker “* willfully’ split liquor... EP 19 Alfred Miers, P. sentences ais pencod

. [Claude Poggenberg ens spill liquor... 19 Alfred Miors, P. --|pentence ended

B. Griffith Claude’ Poggenberg. .... ‘Theft 19 Alfred Micra, P. . {sentence pended Boyle, ‘the by-lcw appointing, township
B, Griffith......./Frank Biiker ...,..... | Theft Seedcesus 19 Alfred Miers, P. M.. -|pentenco pentied officers was ordered road the first -
. B. Griffith......;/Henry Ford .. ‘{ Breach of Ontario“fomperance Act. 19 Alfred Miers, P. ; do} : : time.

Jerry Jackson 7, .{Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 20 Alfred Miers, ! Moved by Mr. Sweden seconded:
M. N. Monsseau...-|Albert Ronume . [Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.. 2475, Breault by Mr. Boyle, that the salaries be as
Gordon Pillon Hie Antaya :.... \Breach of Ontario Temperance Act, ,|Sept- 5p-Breault follows: Clerk, $160; Treasuror, $150;
Raymond J. Roberts|Claude Randall . |Aasault and battery...... AORROED 8k. Breault Asscssor, $90; Auditors, $30 ouch.
‘Gordon Pillon ....../Bugeno Latroy . (Breach of Motor Vehicle Act. 78. Breault .. 7|\Town, Treasurer Moved, in amendment, that ‘the
Gordon Pillon ......|Wim,—Zadorosky -,;,,,|Breach off Motor Vehiclo: Act i 7B. Breault .... oe 1Town Treasurer ............00005 Clerk's salary be $100. The’ end-
Alois. Masters ...:./Walter Richards ache Mins sires tat) sieje dle apthlposialn > oll TE. Breault m. $4]. ‘ 14/Dam. Bell Tel. Co.; fine Crown ‘Att'y : | ment carried.

Alois Masters ....../Harry Randall Sree Se ae | 14m. Breault . $4/.00 fine $2.00) - 15|Dam. Bell Tel. Co.; fine Crown Att’y.. On motion, the by-law was ordered _
Alois Masters ...../Clifford Ouellette \Mlschief ... 14% Brecult . $41.00 fine $2.00 ; ~*16)Dam. Bell Tel. Co.; find Crown Atty.. read-tho 2nd time,

Alois Masters .....)Edmond “Bezairo ....,\Mischief ... A 4. Broault’,,..¢... i fine $2.00 22|Dam. Bell Tel. €o.; fine Crown Att’y.. The clerk asked thet iis resigna-
Alois: Masters .....|Chajled Randall-. "Mischief ... é pees | iB Breault .....,.- (dam. $4] 00, fiae 2 00 ‘ -19/Dam. Bell Tel. Co.; fine Crown Att'y, . tion be accepted.

George Chubb ...>./Camille.. Walkor ..,,..\Mischief ... 5 oe 14 . Breault .. , (Cam, 25, suspended |sentence. 18|George Cliubb |,,....22..... : An application» for the! Clericshi
George Chubb’ ...../Louls Charbonneau .../Mischiefov>..7,..-. <2 | 18 Breault (dam. $1°75, sunpendeld sont. 18|George Chubb . ea signed by Dolwny Purvis, was rodd’>
Gordon Pillon ....../Edward BH. Hill.. .|Breach of Motor Vehicle, Act. ; 185. Breault “sd Ai 10 OD) 18'Town ee gine re - On mation of Messrs. Purvis; and :
“Gordon Pillon ...,..|M. Lynbolina Breach of Motor Vehicle Act | 18h. Breault ......... at 10 00 1$/Town Treasurer . Rocdhouse, the officers wore/appointod

©. N.- Anderson Vincent Masso . ,./Bscape from prison. . al Breault -.o6 skys veins 6 montis Cp) atral Prison w me as follows: Clerk,. Dolway ‘Purvis; -
Gordon Pillon John: Brooks .. , {Breach of Dog By- jaw. the «| Brenult’........ (dam. $2 00, fine 1 00 21) 21/8, Livingston, dami; Town Treas. fine J Treosurer, J. Creeper; . Assessor, T.

f+ ei bots bo to bs te bo to ho ee ts bo te ete.

\

Aro aaktaraaarte ct?

 

 

6\Town Treasurer .......3...0-.:.- Raat
71\Chown Attorney .........

S

Gordon Pillon

Frank Bartleman %

Alois. Masters ...
JS. Bumdritt...
Gordon Pillon ....
Gordon Pillon

Alols Masters ....:
W. F. H. Hackney..
Gordon Pillon ..,..

Afois. Masters“...

Charles Bobeshay

-|Arthur Meloche .
«.|Robert Couvion °

oe

William Smith: .......
../Breach of Motor Vehicle Act

..|Breach of Ontario Temporance’ Act.
PVEBYSNCY.cocotecetexs Bec s ~cicesp ange

Roland Wright ..
Georgo Ratys .;.
Louls Dupuis

Edward Leclaire .....

-|Henry Labuto ...
Petér O'Hara ...

. Breach of Ontario Temperanco Act. .|
.|False pretences

Breach of Dog’ By-law... Shean
Assault and battery...........

Buggery =
Breach of Ontario Temperance Act.

Di WRightlOg. a5 2 weds sw alec

Breault

te fo bo te
ic)

Breault

Broault
Bredult
*Breault

BPREERSSRRERORN EAS

Breault ...;
Breault ..

Breault ...
Breault .

. committed

a

10 00)
: dismissed
tax 6 0p Oct.
2 00)
dismissed
10 OD
10 OD

o ‘Town Treasurer ............... seeks

Dog Tax Collector Be a ney pol we ni ole RCT
4\Crown ‘Attorney

8|/Town' Treasurer... My... <- sere ees ves

15|Town Treasurer

McBeth.
~ It was inoveg and seconded that the
auditors be not appointed until next»

| regular meeting —Carried.~

The by-law. wag. read a third tine 710
and finally passed.

On motion, Wm. Pearl was appoint-
ed janitor for the year. at tee per
quarter.

The matter of doing

Wow ScohHaeh eS

bate pea

Breach of Ontarlo Témperance Act, .

j

Gordon Pillon .....:/Tony Mazorinko:

+
+
=
.
~
+
+
-
*
+
=
+
+
+
t
°
“se
e
z
Ti
$
t
¢
:
+
t

at | t

esasaes

Miles Pillon .. Sorafingy Sintre |Theft a 2915. Breault .

C. B; Mason
Cc. BE! Mason
Cc. B. Mason
Cc. E..Mason
Cc. Mason...
Alois Masters .
re E.-Mason..
Mason
Mason

Mason
Mason
Mason

BS BS SE

anene

Gordon Pilon. .
Pillon ..

"Gordon Pilon ...:

Mason.......

Araene *Couvion .
Alfred Weeso ...
William Sills ....
Bugene Pillon .

Henry Couvillon
Stewart “Bilis...

Edwin Griffin .....5..
-..-/John Buckingham ....
.JP. BL Slattery ,.......
William Nesbitt’......
Mason......,|/Robert Wightman ....
Thomas O'Callaghon ..
-|Charles Coylo .....

Lewis Coyle ..
|Leo Primeau

|Exavier “Major
|Stephen Weese

./Russéll Morrison ..
Henry Stilliwell ...

H. TW. Ellis ...

JA. A. Bittlo

Breach of By-law 736.

{Breach of By-law 736.
.|Breach of By-law 736.

Breach of By-law 736. ...

;}|Breach of By-law 736..°......-.., A
'.{Breach of Motor Vehicle Act......).

Breach gf By-law 736
Breach of By-law 786...
Breach of By-law 736...

.|Breach of By-law 736...
Breach, of By-law 736...

Breach of By-law 736...
Breach of By-law 736...

“"}Breach of By-law 786...

Breach of By-law 736...

 

Breach of By-law 736.

‘|Breach of By-law 736
.|Profane languoge
.|/Breich of Motor Vehicle Act.....

Breach of Motor Vehicle Act.....
Breach of Motor Vehicle Act:

31)5,. Breault

2m Breault ..........

"3 BY Breault

BSE SS ES

Bn suspended! aelatence
. tax 6 00)Nov.

Ary
‘absconded
'absconded

 

aaanacnc
sssssss

10 00)

2)Tax Collector
$/Tax Collector ..
3|Tax Collector .»
3/Tax Collector ..
3/Tax Collector «....
27\Town Treasuter .

10)Tax Collector
10|Tax Collector .
10/Tax Collector :
10/Tax Collector ...
10/Tax Collector...
10/Tax Collector
10/Tax Collector ’.
10)/Tax Collector
10)/Tax Collector

9/Town Treasurer ..
9)Town Treasurer

escoocesss

E..Breault . : A . teal ~‘a9\Towa ‘Treasurer «7... oom i SY acer ees 7 : * || masters was:

the: appointing of same was left ‘until. 3
next meéting.

The council passed a motion. ank-
ing the reeve to bring the matter be-
fore the couty council at its first ses-
sion, asking ¢hat ‘the automobile lic-

‘| Gnses'.be returned to the township to

ald in the;keep-of the roads.

On motton, the following accounts
were ordered: pald: Election e
Fred, ree $12.50, A. B. Brush,
$12.60; “D. D: Sweet, at Truant
Officer M. Swoetman;,$5; Ferd. Drouil-
lard, scraping and phovelling snow, |
$9.25; Ferd. DrouiHard, for farm ~
bridgo; 13th Con. West drain, $22.80;
M> W. Heaton, balance salary and
election expenses, $31. _

On moti mre pair

onday, January [sim

Special meating called ‘at 2) pe me

Ajl members pregent.

suspended sentence
10 re

foved und seconded, that Roginald

Helton and A. C. Atkinson be appoint-
ed “auditors for the. coming your— :
Carried.

Moved by John Purvis, seco ed ded by
John Rondhouse, that Herb,
be appointed Health onleer—Carriod

Moved by W. H. Sweetman, second:

+ ne ae +++++-isuspended sentence
suspended seatence®
suspended sé@rtencd

...|Barl Brush ‘Trespass In pursuit of game....

: Alberts aes .. .|Le-V.\ Pillon.... Trespass in pursuit of game. . :
* Alberic Chappus ..: .|Louis*Morin Trespass in pursuit of game,... : :
Gordon Pillon Thomas Wright . Fighting aaa . onetica mee “ees

Gordon, Pilion ..{Charfes Vanloon . Fighting ; 1 Ogee: os Sale wan cAttnaeee

Gordon Pillon J. Laukner .. Breach ofMotor Vehicle Act. . 3 ate Ctr a . 2¢'Town Treasurer

John .Lomars +1|/Nicholas Coulson... ./Drunkennéss ; 10 00 Bent eh S rrediurerTamianton

Joli Lamarsh Ae Dele nor Drunkenent se . Mer x0 oat: Ab Er ee i de ed by Ed, Boyle, that M. Drouillard be

ohm Damarsh..-0.:|A,J. Dell... 1.1. ../Dramkenness....-..- : Sat 10 00)- ui} 4 Treasurer Leamington ’ avpointed on the Board of Heaith.—

John Laniarsh......|\Joseph Hellebuyc : ' = a oxadaehin Colanty: Gaol : anoint

Tat pum AK Henig Waldide 72. ‘ : Selkirk... » 20 00'Nov. 12’anpald Warrant-tssued ....4.......05. widths On motion, council adjourned.

John Lamarsh......)Darius Belcher «....../Drunkenness Pr Selkirk..... . 10 0000, bee PP 2 pele ves , .

Secor

SH PESESASE See

BD ptt
i)
s

S&
J

a
a
ss

 

an

Cnn
ecco sof

Bo et to
coon a

ts
i
—s—

te
a

John /Lamarsh...... Drunkenness . ones Bellini. yo... 2 0. A 10 36 2) 2 Troasurer Pameee Sos .
, : i 2) To complainnnt ..s5....... 4 1 5
Soh Lamursh.-. ... 7 Broach of Ontario Temperance os eae pts <a s + 4 othdpaia Warrant issued .. Sandwich West Council. _
John Lamarsh......\George Dickaon - Drunkenness ‘pore brewers itl . giNov. 3 Treasurer Leamington Monday, ‘Jonuary 14th, isk
Alfred J. Brooker...|M. Marrack ....... 1)Sept. 1A. J. Burna, Treasurer, * Council met as: per statutes in that
Altred’Y, Brooker...|Henry Florey . i = fined 3 ; 3A. J. Burns, Treasuror...../........ behalf, Tho elected mombers’ aul
ey Bim Skone., ......|Ti H: Foxes 24 Did have or £ vo or eop liq i. 1 ' soribé. tho. nécessary-onth of
Ae luton ocumehate parasite siete Oe “Atlee. & fe WR Pas, f Sap ear ei e Y 2 15) t{on: and declaration of office)”
‘ F i Allon cnemy, no permit.........+. i ex. 6S. PHANG O ere k 1 . TA, J. Burns, Treesurer......... .
a a ORer a Having liquor contrary to Ontario 2 i : “ A me: : : 3 eek potion: «the: reared Oks
i; Ee Poland «>= . Temperance Act. ....s+..-.-+0.5 8 Alex. S. Park & W. F. Park.| = 200 00,0ct: 310% 3J. EB. Stone, Inspector...... Weatee wed 0 449 "Moved by Messrs, Hiron and. Roch
57. Stonlo. ow. oo Having iquor contrary, to qearig : | 5 ree | “ ‘ ; Nleau, that. the. council adjou
ee ets re eas ; a Temperanco Act .:......+... ees S. Park & W. rR Park. 200 00 . } 85. B. Stone, Inspector. .....-........ 4 , ‘p,m,—Curried. :
Ped Ott. Tye. ee : ea : ie ; e urn
a). E. Btona......+.. George Scott : Leer, pal, 3A. S. Park & Ww. D. Beaman, 200 00} jae 3 Recotved $16.30 coats on October ne : ee Mot es per adjou nent; Alk
i 3 Not paid, went ‘to gaol-3 months.|, : The minates of ‘last meetin wi
pemrey ay e at ga ook eS Bete . Mr. Florey $10 not paid... E 4 16) oad. and adopted. 3
Dangerously Grviny . Fobey ¥ 2 00) 3 _ 22. J. Burne, Treasurer | Moved by” Messrs. Drouillard
Dangerously driving { ee : 2-00|~ 22.A. J. Burns, Treasurer. .. Lounsbprough, that the follo
Intoxicated’ ......... : q z 4 15 00 26A. J. Burns, Treasuror. counts be.paid: George. Tay’
Intoxicated” .... ; : ; 10 00 47 A. J. Burhs, 'Troasuror. 60, rie itie on townlin
Allen enemy, no permit A J 10 00\Nov.°  * 7A. J.:Burns, Treasurer. charged to Sandwich.
Allen onemy, no parmit : ee i: : 10‘A, J. Burns, Treasuror roster, $57.99, for-sup
Alien cnemy, no perm} ; my ; 3 10:A. J. Burns, Treasurer Ronaud; Wm. Pajots rie,
Alien enemy, no. permit! ox. ® a ; i ee 10A. J. Burns, ' telephone
Allen enemy, no permit ; 3 10.A. J. Burns; ‘Treasurer road
Alfen enemy, no permit 10.4. J. Burns, ‘Tronsura
Alfon enemy, no permit
Alien enemy, no Pies

toad bo bo to tote to tobe tore @ -
SSSSSSSSIRRSS

 
  
 

     
   

  

| ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL.

 

  
     

 

 

 

      
   
  
  
      
  

 
  
  

   

      
  

      
 
   
     
      

 

he ee Sen BE By Wan Poss Wressrrer Belle Ever. FD be
a? os Be 0 Juseph Comper, Tren Ooichesie we er
390 -Feenk Welton, Trounsoror Colchester a at
20 Metter Sere Tore Miaifimtonr x27 SE
tM 2 SS. Geto, Tore Merees.-...-- pee 4
20 wp 380 George Srteewer, Tremere Bochemer..... at
28 oD IS - umes MeAailifie, Vrenecer Samtwich South ia 4
19 RS Feriimend Pere. Tronsccer Senieich Wen. mb
30 OD 220 ‘Leon Sonchereen, Tresemer Mihoy Werth. $7 03
36 OF | 3 WW.  Xerllie Teescerce Goshidid Nort... sc
a0 we {Sune 2h B Of Trenswrer Sofievion.-:...-..-- ms 47
2b 3) «= Baeegih Creeper, Wressmrer Colchester Worth a4
io Ww 22 Peak Weten Freee Coktbester Suntt. 74 of
20 46 3s Metbew Bers. Treesrver Maidstone - tai
30 OP 28- 3. 0 Daettem, ‘Toeeemer Merete... -..------ 2 &
20 16 » Law Gignac. Treesmmer Suniwieh Bu. Ss Kh
Pre 3 Jemes Mctulifie Treasurer Sandwich Sooth Seb Sr
ab oP EI Ferfiimné Pore. Treasurer Seuiwich West. Ii iH
s 140 OF - i nee en eee =
ro rKTe Dummers, Treseocer Tims West... ai
PEDDLEEN LICENSES loc. 3 Juniese Zenty On. reimnt. Samfwich Hact. =
wrt atk % 5 ; ¥ J
ee ee toe8 oes PEBENTUERES ASD COUPONS.
Miike nen ? q P 2927
since Beta eae i See: —_ Sex. S&S By Tetbemcure Mo. 17 und Coupom Fy irw
ars 1 Mo. ive : {5 ein ee Sone
= op June 28 Some Beck Debemoe Kn 2k, Prise mee
oa Wit A ns a oe Re en aes Sha Sb
“om Srity 22 Bowe Fok Debemure Ne Sh Sri
S Op ' Xe. i SPER, Lpee cmp ae oes oF po ere)
el t Bame Derik Detwatere Me 1S and O
Ewe Byiew No. 267--
eae Bome Punk. bepercoy
2 oD Bytaw Xe IN
Ss Boome Bank.
2 iH Ne. q

 
 

     

 

e See 7 and Cxmponk O58 Of
io Debentures cyder > = ., 25 00 E
: eA SE essay ne 55°00
hie B g., Freswarye. Sort a 25 O0 ;
= ; oe d
Rabe; Mt z rc
: 19 90
- “ a 14 oD
squgtre = 3
é 19 09 \
16 Of
: (
" 12 00 z
; a se <j 2
> 19 90
Bs 2 10
Bree #
; Tiss 9"
| Xor, ot | é 2 150 09
oe po j rn S33
pe 3 ; :
! va j 3 oe :

 
    
 

    

 

   
    
     
 

   

  
  
  

   

  
    

 

 

     

 

     
    
 
  

  
 

   

 

 
     
      
 

           
            
 

   
 
   

   

   
 
 

       
     
   
 
  
 
 

       
  

      
        
    
    
     
     
   
   
   
     
       
    
    
 

 
        
 

      
   
  
 
 
 
   

   
 
   

         
  

 

 

  
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
 

     
        

 

   
 
 
  

¢| 3 : .
Cues | ae ey ~; a
FS igF, fees Yert ned of 2937 | . “i Ss os ‘
; <
HOUSE OF REFUGE. :
| : se : es |
\ : Sao =|
i Sy imei 3, See : aout
Be" Bis s ak ,
i . ———$ , $720 00
| DASLRANCE, LIGHTS WATER, HEAT AND T 3 “hae
jtownsdlp otcere 2 wares : / t HEAT &ND TELEPHONE.
Moret by MW ‘2 2 = ns
ae by Mr . 63 ‘ 2 on :
i ‘Batawtsy. n irk ght 1 - ; agente a : =
Carried. f ' - REGISTRY OFFICE. 24 | oe = : = : :
Gosfield South CounciL 3 SpE O- Resase feex 1518 ‘ : ‘ z is. 3 : ——
‘ : Tuesdéey. Javuary 3 # aa Sees } Siz = z = bsf
; Cont bia deerevant <> JURL-FUND. - a ‘
Memipers pregen ri : ? = . = 3
© Mors C. Daen j
. pape. 7 i : ~
ie t = at tc, 502
An pe ; ; } } Gite sratol,
: ; = ; 2 4 ants
t im i eS = ‘gf 1.25 ;
‘ | ; . a a are >
4 = ‘ 2% 7S Ra
4 ee | is
|
ROADS ASD BHIDGES. {
z To Carada Per ert Co sacks Tehoroed Sr 7s, 9 } a a ¢
OBeret to cere 1 AL Aysmowtrong. wah velce of . Wd - ‘ eS iy
Moves ty Kr lx LS tg ee Se pe eee ere nae 3k ere
Mr. Paerecn, treat 4 Ontario Trz er, Govercwents phate of
pointed atecnser xt a nulary of 320— Engex County roads... -------.2-- . GS0T. 51 >
4 June 4 Frank Fair, 4 erprks../-..- 7 es ee 5 a 45 && >
More) by Mr Dait seconded by Oct $ J A Pettypieve. refand flor repairs. ~SGe5 WS 2% #
Mr. eming. that 2. Seis exd J. Dec. 22 Fresk Fair. 2 stwer gipe.....-. = 2 16 me _. bridge Page $17
D. Maks be eppoinuet-enditors—Cat-; ———_$ Hh fr = Lele Bros, ‘
hm Tied : j INTEREST. “ = _ Creeks bridge - 5 wy i
* 5 Peunt keepers *viliip Care. Geo, | 1997. - ? = «Sol Brosn, “mas Es
Egerton ©. Berateh, George Cog- den. 22 To W. HE Neville, Treseurer'of Goefieid North, - . Creeks bridze ....- Foals EIT oe de <0 7
wil. Uleh, UM. J) Malott. Ernest | : intérest on connty:rates for 1916.......-. $ 27 ye, Charles Mitchell. grading sf Canard brides. *
Barnett, Ben Cowell, ixozard Wirle, | “3” HL Odie, Treasurer of Anderion interesd 5 SS per cent. charged to Colchester Nort. 7
< 3 Whittle, Peter Petra. Howard | os County Rates tor 1916....--..-..-.-- 227 — 58 J. J. Lettam. county's share of breakwcters, .
_Mockwell.. Amon Noble. Alfred Woit- | 2) )0«=6-« WA Peis. Treasurer of Malden. Interest on Fs je a: eee eee - $1 96
tle : ~ 1 County Hates’ for 1916...0..20- 1... oe i 61 2 Jamey Creeper, repaire to Canard bridge, -
"Valusters of sheep kihed —Hoy AL 22. Howe Bank, interest on credit in Januury-. 29 ae be er cent charged to Colchester North. 5255
tem. Byroe Biaddon, Porwell Malott. 1. . Township of Rochester, credit exchange in _ 23 Pelix Gignac. fence at Canard birdge. <5
Lewis Benner, 1-H. Cazteworts, Les Dgeember 01.2222 re arene ean e eee 240 oe per ceat. charged. to Colchester North... si @ e
ter G. Melott. George Matlock, James | Inne 12 Treasurer Sandwich East, interest on Cour- " : — bf Coyle, expenses to Toronto re roads : =
Seflery. - ty Rates : “x 1 w . bridges ...2.2 Ture gee eine net wis Pin eae ie a2 235
Beard of Heaith—J. Scratch, Weiter | Dec’, 21 \ Home Bank, imterest_on deposits. -..--.. 12 32 7 James aes Fart payment for Cedar fees re S oe
Reraich. ces ¥ C ——_——_——_-4 ; Creek bridge ...°)....--.--.--- en = < Sh 00 es:
~ WO. BAW. J. McKeazie. UL. D. LOANS. 2 22. M. McLeod sxrd and hauling for ‘bridge : PATRIOTIC FUN as z
-*  Seeritary—G. W. Coateworth 3917. eet zs ; oe % ok : wy Dame. Rorbester and GosSeld North _ 22t 59 191. ae ea Le FUND AND. WAR TAX, :
_ Inppectors of drains—Chas Grain-|Mar~2 To Heme Pank..note for months at 5%%..§ 2Mo1 51 3 iam = Belle River bridge... ._. 35 2H E Srey *<T. White ee Son
~ ger, David T. Nobile. oe Shy, Home Bask, note for Z monthagt 5%%.... 129125 aces. ocd np adar <utek: bridge. ----s- S00 08 Sige 8 i ee os *
Amspecter of Tile Dralre—Reeve 2» ” Home Bank, note for 2 months at $%%.... 1120679 += | 47. ‘Serald Bridge Co. bridce & a rae : _
- Beratch. ; ~ Zi - Home Bank. note for 2 dayec at 54%... 4549 04 1906.90 Be eset ee
+ Hog Poiter—Artsur Coghill. ‘Caled 29 Home Bank. note for 2 months at 544% .... 22279 26 260 56 “grap aloes County grant fae; '
~Neiton, Frank Laramie, Wm. Gunning. 21 Home Penk. rote for 2 months at 5% % UIA ex. 388 3Sh but 31 age ee
“dah sara Jos. Goathe, Burwell 21 «Home Bank, ote for 2 months at 5%%.... 223207 43 SORE wee - 716 25 M is
| Sept 29 Home Bank, note for 2 months af 546%...) 12686.99 i Ro 2 ree Rr bridges. ..-..-.-... © 27 15 arch
A communiestson from CE. Allison! Oct. 21 Home Bank, note for overdraft:....... 12708 41 ae Co, pests for New Camasa re
, . © Home Bank note for overdraft. 12964 28 Saco esa a SL Wine Bike 7
; : eS . x» ————___$167719 31 10144
% > : .
oe 4 - & communitation from J. Ross Bob} 1437, ot = hate DEEPA URES SOLD:

 
  
   

ie
8

extson, chairman of the trest-fund of| age 25 To McNeill & Y t
oung, tale of debextures undér *
Hospital for Bick Children, asking Bylaw, No. 2962200222000 ees ee neon e----$ SOMO OB

        
 
 
 

    

  
     
       

eae ey 4 59016 03 aon
: Pd itn sHeches f _ -HISCELLANEOUS. —
“To W. FP. Coyle, telephone ecollections......-.

John Moynahse,-for table...-....< ch 380 7
1 OG Dromgole, 12
20

oboe SS

Site te 72

7) ee

4

  
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
   

Bo a al

1 RS

% Hs.)
mn. LAMPSON
Verona, Ont., Nov. 11th., 1915.

“T suffered for a number of years
with Rheumalism and severe Prins in
| Side and Back, from strains and heavy
lifting. :

When I had given up hope of over
{being well again, a friend recommended
“Pruit-a-tives ” to me and) a/ler using
the first box d fell so much -beller that
Tcontinued to take them, and now I
ee am enjoying the bést of heath, thanks
i ~ to-your remedy ”’.

W. M. LAMPSON.
fee If you—who are reading this — have

p any Kidney or Bladder Trouble, or
Py suffer with Rheumatism or Pain In The
Le Back or Stomach Trouble—give “‘Frult-
a-tives” a fair trial. This wonderful fruit
medicine will’ do you a world of good,
Dat as it cures. when everything else fails.
{a 60c. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 250.
i ; At dealers or sent postpaid on receipt
eh] of price by Fruit-a-tives Limited,
fe Ottawa.
{

J
h

 
  
  
 
 

      
  
  
   
     
 
  
   

   
 
  
  

 

 

 

i ae - POWN AND COUNTY.

pe ees —The Echo subscriptions lists have
Hg Deen corrected to date. Hnye you re-
i E ceived credit?
Eg —Mayur Lambert, cf Wyande tte, hos
: dccided tb bo a candidate for re-elect-
4 ie tion for thn office he now !olily,
5 | —Mrs, W. Beels, Andordon township,
/ é who has been Ill for the past month,
H pes tias. been ‘rej;icved to the home of
i Nurse Cannon Pike Road, Amherst-

Bh: ; .. + burg. ‘i
te eae ‘The representatives ‘of the Food
ue Bhs Controler in the Western, Provinces
A wilf conce} t's licenses: of all fish
‘ +4 dealors wi) chip all their catch out
ze +t ; of Canadz.

Since the congestion of freight in
the M. C, R. yards at St. Thomas;
4 ‘owing to the stormy weather, thieves
have stolen merchandise valued at.

over $5,000.

—All this literature on the necoasity
abe of increased hog production my be
= boiled down to the simple, homely
{ statement that “the pigpen Is mightler

than the sword.”
—L, W. Allison, of Essex, agent for
the Canada Life, handed Mrs, -Adol-
? phus Bezaire a cheque for $1,500; on
> Saturday, as beneficiary of her late
husband in that Association.
, No Public school text books will
~~ _ ,. ‘be scrapped, according to information
ant received from Hon. Dr. Pyne, Minister
\4 : of | Educetion. There were .rvmors
; aflont tt tyelve varieties of books
a : ** would be discarded, but this is an-er-
= ror, according to the M/!nister.
—Corp. Smith, a returned soldier,
spent a few days with Arthur Little,
ie. yea at the Amherst House. Corp. Smith
+ left Essex with the 99th Battalion, and
,Was tho mate of Sergt. Charles }C.
Kemp until he was wounded. He ts
on leave-of absence suffering from
4 agi ) fhell shock.
1 P —A. H. Haney and son Matthew,
| wife and daughter leave next weck for
i Seaforth to reside, having bought» a
farm there. They came here-from
Desbarats, Algoma, in July last and
bought the Renaud place, Richmond
street east. If they do not sell this
piace in a short time they will hold it
for rent. Mrs. Haney suffers from
asthnin, and hes to go where the clim-
ute is dryer.
—The commissions of post ioffice
money orders for the United States
have been increased on account of the
resent high premium on the New)
ork Exchange. Until further 6
the cha sums not eh)
F: $5) andanp: 0 $10,
o><Gn cents for ev-,
Dart of same. A néw)
I bi iésued with regard to
paredlgyfor United States forces’ at
-home and in France, The rate of post-
ago is still 1c an ounce, but the limit
ban rh _ of weight has been increased to seven
#4 i , “ pounds.-There are no customs charges
i i Om parcels for United States soldiers
in<the United States and fin France

HOW MRS. BEAN
MET THE CRISIS

 
 
 
 
  

 

    
   

     

    

%® rs

SS
Pm

 

  
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
 

“When I was going
: Chrough tho of Life I had a tu-
TTT THTmOr. as e ag o
a esis et, “vs
il doctor said it waa
three years coming
land gave me medi-
ne for it until» I
s. called away

eae

)

“| spector, E. H. Carnahan, $26

      
 
 

   
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 

    
   
   
  
 

1

     
   
  
     
 
 

    
    
   
      
    
        
    
  
  
    
   
  

   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  

    
   

  
   

{School Trustee (to fill-out'C, M John-

   
 
   
 

    

a guest at C, H. Val
fgo08 aboard a D, &
oiler.» f >

} _ofecfesfooge here : : a Hon of te a ae, ee aig
en bones ain, tol2; 1:80 vo Gp
Tot Corner of Rte ary.

yOnfollown Het ad
Sirtor Post Ofte, Amborakburg! :

     

' hg" ig od
steamer as Rev. J. A: Snell ant Mrs. Snell ro-
GR ey ‘ ovlved the following (ntoresting. lettor
—Ptqe. Victor Renzud, Frank Gott,’ trom their son, lastiveok: © ‘
Fred. L. L vegrove and Robert Jones No. 3 Can. Gey, Hospital,
(wero home from London; from Friday|~ + France, - Deo, 24th, 1917,
‘Jito Tuondoy, Dear Mother and ‘jad,—Well, it |
—Thomas Ward {s tetring down his almost” Christmas gain, the second’
big ice house and using the lumber to over here, and perheoy there will bo
rebulld his. old butcher shop into a another. The Christmas service: in

  

 
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
    

   
   
   
   
     

 
  

a calipers A

: te me 5 : R. 0. TEETER, My
* De vo rries many +|  D MA,
alize that a Bake Shop ca HYSICIAN AND SURGEON g
ae none Table Supplies than BREAD? f Diteroni lveraiy ido. co

 

   
     
   
   

 

   

  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
    
    
 
  
 
  
  
   

 

    
  

  
 
     
 

   
  
      
    
  
    
   
  
  

  

two-storey flat. ’ the Red Cross hut w: ; That Is why liquid medi. Gore ald Apsloy atreeks, 6; 5
ok Nene iseomotive arta Fri story of the birth of Seen oe Tat 5 clifes are of so little use for + Onhordtburg. PPORlto Ty)
day at the Brunner, Mon e used o;| e@ shepherds. oO host bronchit! gel o ‘ 8. : F ‘ , —
in tho quarry, This makes three (which {8 fine) furnished the male » seat -of the trouble the We boast of our Tarts, Pies, Cakes, Scone | Re H. ABBOTT, MD, ~
locomotives now on the work. and led the singing. My ward looks medicine must be breathed. olls &e : &e., which f
hy :

 

Crulls, Fruit Cakes, Jelly R “Queen's University, Kineton: 1

are like the home made kind. Hulhoute ret (oppoalte
(PRY AN ORDER HERE. one

     
      
 

HYAIOIAN AND SURGEON rl
—L. V. B. Sinngae sold his-store fine foF Christmas. We wore out p
jand property adjoining to Napoleon gathering holly the othar day and got
Ray, manager Farmers’ ‘Friond. Mr. quite a lot. It grows quite plentifully
Ray intends to open a general store, around here, but wo were too late
including grocerics, meats, dry goods, for the berries. There is also some
boots and shoes, taking possession ot mistletoe. The Partugueso are good
once, at making paper articles, so’ betwoen
—Essex county council decided to us the wards and kitchens ass devor-
petition the Ontario Government to ated very well, so that we are all
raise the tax on dogs from: $2 to $5 ready for the visit of Santa Claus. - Wo}
us a result of receiving a report to the are having cloar frosty nights and a
effect that the county paild out $10,000 fine moon. ’ Last night we were visit-
{n 1917 to farmers for sheep killed by ed by an air squadron, and there
dogs. were quite a number of casualtles
—Their escspe cut off by a fire’ around here. We expect them again
below them, Mrs. Oliye Priseman, 21 to-night. but I hope it will not be un-
years old, and her three-year-old son, til I get my letters written. The
Gordon, were burned to death early lights have just gone out, and. the
Wednesday morning in their home, alarm given, so we expect another raid
Ottawa street, Ford. Frederick Prise- very soon. It {s quite a job to keep
man, the husband, escaped with ser- the patients quiet at such times, ea-
fous burns, but will recover, it is ex- pecially the foreigners, so I must say]
pected. good-night and go to my ward at once.
—Last fall, the Camopbell Flour | Decembor 26th.
Mills Co, offered prizes ‘for the best Well, Christmas {3 ove: anid we
baked bread at the different school certainly had a good ime. Tho Partu-

That is why Peps are so
u ul in the treatment
one is ailment—Peps aro
breatheable! i
When a Pi Pastille is
cinarene ana oe the
Piaé yapor which Is libera-
ted is breathed down the
bronchial tubes to the
lungs, soothing and healin
all the delicate, inflam
membranes. Pcps ara
equally good for laryngitis,

aes Toe
vs
pesleiasacla acti "S712
~ DR. A. E. STEWAR
HYSICIAN A ,
’ ‘Toronto. Ut vOrslte ne Orda |
A \ Bell Telephone Br gy: au 5}
g a North Telophono 70) r d
astha,sore throat, coughs,

‘e ae 213 Sundwic), “
Telophoue, ¢ 21 ia,

and’ colds, . 50c, box, 3 for The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, oa ! ae W. 6 DOYLE Ep
Bee At dealers sed de A | Secgngeteteseofofntestoteteofeofolobofe-fobeeeees Re eae ae 7 LD,

I, W.C. DOYLE, M.D, ©
6tamp for trial package.

       
 

  
   
  
   
   

   
 
  
 
  
      

  
  
   
 

VART, —|

   
   
  

     
    
 

 
    
   

   
  
   
  
   
  
 

    
 
     
   
   
 

   

     
  
  

    
  
  
 

   

_ and Bite pnw OFUs Garlo, On
ieee = of residence On TIbot Bure s. ;

Ky Wultlng room, heen a
on, -Sprelal ullention

uying Flour.” | | at se of Wont und Sunyory, |
FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, p>

I Bae Solio\tor, Nota

1 veyuncur, &e. Otiloe ;

| ialbousustreet, Aiphenitburg.
joun,

“Consider Safety First When B

“GOLD MEDAL”

     

  
   
     
 
    
  
  
     
    
  
     

 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 

 

    
  
 

     
  
 

     

       
       
   
   
     

          
   
    
 
  
   
 

fairs the winners of which competed guese Government sent wine, ratcins, . ast:

in District contests, five prizes being biscuits, candied fruit and marmalade IS SAFE TO phate against uncer- FRE

Riven ic ee es ae 4 ates me step Ba ae bad hee we had u busy if ve every user every bake day perfect protec ey | pS TaH sol !
comprise olland, Haldimand, Nor- morning dividing: the chings amongst : ainty. ‘ ‘ Ham: |

folk, Elgin, Kent, Essex, Lambton and them; but we only gave a very mit. AuvctTIoNn SALE i, It Is safe baking a safe flour and a pure flour. | Atoheratburg, Money to loan, ay Street
Middlesex counties, eee Allyn, a vital) of the wine,so we had not —Or— Because It Is-eafe it is the most economical. Sach oe BARTLET & BARTLET |

of Comber, who showed her bread at the trouble wo anticipated. .. der a guarantee of satisfaction | ARRISTERS, Solicitors vo ‘
Woodslee sachool fair, won the afiftli At 12 o'clock dinner was served in Farm Stock, Implements, Ete, monte Bkok Bisur llet sole un ! Duvis Hlock, Windsor Sq Mees tn wy

  
  
  

 

prize for the district. the Red Cross hut for the N. C. O,'s
—On the night of Sunday, February and men, and it was certainly a prot- There will be sold by Public Auction at

8rd, a wholesale slaughteriny of the ty sight which presented itseif to us LOT ABET ONS eet sc a a ee

passenger service of the whole Do- 45 we entered. The Colonel gave us a FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8th, 1918,
minfon will take place. All roads and short talk before we started. He com-| Tho following; 1 Brown Mare, 5 years old,
all lines are to be hit.. Details of the’ plimented all of us on the way we Welghs about 1200;.1 Colt, 3 years old in

change have not been received by worked, and told us that everything PINs: ,1 Dise (neurly new); G-foot Drill:

 

EX. K. BARTLET, HA i
G, HantLEn tt W

Gro, A. Unquntairn, h.

  

T. R. FLOOD,

Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.
a ONTARIO.

       
  

 

   

ARKLSTERS, 80!

Rodd, 8. AS, L aay

| torney and Clerk of the p
of Essex ES, Wigle, B.A, K.

  
 
    
 
   
  

  
 
  
 
 

   
  
   

 

 

   
  

  
 
 
  
  

 

 

     
  
 
 
  
  

 

     

      
   

; HARROW
local officials, but nevertheless it is we had for dinner was bought with tivator; 1 Plow (nearly no { Wason s: i MoHuyh,. Ofices Victoria Blook Wink y
coming. By the new order, whitch is a which was made from the sale (noarly new); 1 Hob-Sleleh: 1 Democrat: Se = —— —— ol Windsor
sald to have been issued by the Rafl- of left-over grease and fat from this 1 Oped Bugsy; { Top Bug 3 pairs .
way. War Board, the Grand Trunk unit during the past year. At the Doubletrees (nearly new); 1 set of Double - — = DAVIS & HEALY. te

       
 
  
 

1 Corn
1 Hand

Harness; 2 sets Single Harness;
Pacific and the C. N. R, wil) cut off same time, he said, this waste wags Fodder Cut ‘osscut Saws;

  

efesteed | ay A Itt

            
  
 

 

   

all thelr tangcontinental trains, and used for making munitions, so we had S45: 1_¢ Base Burnbr;. 1 . * ; e 15
the:C-P_R. all its Oljawa trains, The both henefitted ourselves and our coun- , Heating Stave: 4, hain, Tubs, Wrenchon: | Suits Made to Order Res, Phone Aide DP. Davin, MA. A. , Healy,
Cc. P. R. will handle the, transcontin-; try. “He gave us each a pair of socks. | other articlos too numerous to mention. cS. 0

1b tvin BAL ALR, Healy,
JAMES B. McLEODs

JARKISTER, SOLICIT
B Bullding, Winsor, ont oe

loan on farny property at loweat current satey '

 _ BRAND Ene
FRANK W. WILSON. {

us
ARRISTER, SOLIC : ri
li anit Conveyine rr (OL the ota | gl

entral traffic The dinner was fine and plenty of it No reserve, as proprietor {s giving. up
—The cost of feeding cach prisoner 4nd the nursing sisters kindly con- EO borin at 1 P.M. aharp.

dafly at the Exsex county gaol for the sented to walt table, and so helped to TENMS—All sums at or under §10, cash:

year just ended was 16% cents, an in- Make everything more enjoyable. Some | OYer that amount, 10 toons’ drat dn

crease of one cent as compared with Of them were quite surprised to find opetarta Sens ee ak es

1916. That Governor Wanless is a 80 many T. T.'s (teetotalers) amongst titled vO crodit.

“real food controller” ts evidenced by | 4S, and it je certainly fine that we have , CLARK & ATKIN, JOE CHARLES,

the fact that not a single complaint | §uch a large number who don't touch ACUMONGETS: EVODrICyor,

against the quality of foodserved was | the stuff. %
Notice’to Creditors,

 
  

Acme Cleaning Works

Ff. HALSTEAD, Prop.

41} Sandwich St. West,
WINDSOR, ONT.

  
 
 

oe

hiritish (olumbla Barn.) M

Karm Property at loweae Talon. of ieee |
Oneo Labelle Doilding, Gor Cnelletts »
wb London ste., Windsor, Ont, Phone 231, 4

 

a

OR

 

filed by any of the prisoners, The I received the parcels~ from home
governor has no intention of introduc-| Just in time, tleo the ones sent by

   

fesse

  
 

    
     
 
 

ing a “rationing” edict; it isn't nece-| mother for some lonely boys. The D W. A. SMFT

ssury in his institution, he says, Es-| parcels containing 23 socks from the a Mutanions fate ottans Cronin of iO (6) FF : * Prarie sen ek ' d
seX taxpayers are “warned, hawever,| Malden Young Ladies’ Bible Class Maiden, in tho County of Essex, + pen Evenings . igaville, Ont, ETC, } Ge
that eats for prisoners will cost more ; 4/80 arrived and~ were — distributed Widow, deceased.

 

   

   

ite aS Soo eS SS ae ae te oe oe

¢, ONG “ease a
LAIRD & LAIRD.

IAL Lay d Surveyors and County: |

,, NOTICE {5 hereby given pursuant to the
Statute in that behalf that all persons hay-
log claims against tho estate of the sald

soon. A two-cent increase js due this|Smong our Canadian wounded sgol-
quarter, for beans have gone “sky|dlers. Everything was lovely and
they are all very happy over their

:

  
 
 
  

 
 

 

 
 
   

  

 

     
 
 

    
     

 

     

 

 
  

 

     
        
     
  
  
    
     
    
 
  
  

 
    

 

   

 

   
    

   
   
      
     

 

 
 
      
   
  

     

 

 

            
 
 
  

  
     
      

    
    
  
    

  
    
 
    
 

   

 

 

 

   
  

   
  
  
  

 

 

 

 
        

 
 
  
 
 
      
  

    

  
 
  
 
  

      
   
   

      
   
  
 
 
 

    
     
   
  
 

   
  
  

  
 
 
   
  

   
 

  
 
  

 

     
  

 

   
 
 
  
 

  

      
  
   

that city... Capt. Brien spent Inat
week in Chicugo at the recruiting do-
pot there. : bee

- The many friends’ of Mra. Jane Hop-
soot, who has been suffering from the ry
effects-of a broken hip since last Juno, | ate St Sai
and who-is still in‘ Hotel Dieu, Wind- , fernd with kid.
sor, will be plensed ‘to know that she trouble and rhew
is improving slowly, and is able to get Gi Bares ee
around with the use of ‘a cane. Tsaac] finally left my back and wey down into the:

Thornton, who is also in Hota) Dion, | ot. dt developed into « thronle cise, 1T

is improving slowly. tufted’ sore, food dectorn, War atl 1 Eapt on
ot util) T kept on
At tho lost meeting of the Essex | suffering. "ASout a Seah Ago a friend edie, i

council, officials were appointed © oy | ™ to sive Anuric a Stal, 6n0 ae happy te

go has strengthened my

kidneys po I foal ante Nae, Fr fe

in. recommending [t to f 5 B

othe: who anffar,!'— fi ee

M-a. C. A, Clarke, Dez pe at ner cht 4
1 “ é ah 4

11790.
To

 
  

#1

    

  
  
  
   
 

—

high”, according to tenders submitted Frances W. Hutchins, who died on or about ors, OMce, Danstan Bl
to the county council Tuesday. cts Now I must close for this time. ee trod: peceen x Novembar, 4917, aS y Town of Essox, Ont aie
Out of 358 prisoners- who served | Love to all. | a eriter Pec eniaee oes
Were IOL ME prisouore- who ‘served sERROLD, | Hier a? tev gunderatned,Saelor for faeia aes
were citizens of the United States, {n-|L.-Corp. Jerrold W. Snell, Frances S$. L. -Hutching, tho Executors © of ) SURVEYOR, Dralnoge wore es 1D
cluding John Hogue, who was’ sen- No, 628734, He i upe an pelore AEs, Fleming Block »Windsor, On\, _ aepeclalty
tenced to tbe hanged for the murder =) mara vorvy | and addresses, full particulars: of their —————
dPiMaratall’ Jackson tay Canwillan® imal LEAMINGTON. ak ol claims, and the natio ror thio. security, if CLARK & ATKIN,
migration officer, ‘but whose sentence ace 1 : ICENSED Auetion for Esso:
was commuted to life imprisonment} Joseph Hillman, Orange street, hes after the saa TRIne-ATSt dines OF Shee Ti aince at Harrow, Ontario. Na
by the Dominion Minister of Justice, pean cones Bottom’s onion farm 1018, the sald Executors wil Proceed to CHARLES Chaiur, GronKOr ATKIN,
according to the annual report of Gov-|/0 the Marsh and will take possession | {!stribute “the assots of the sald te RE 7
ernor William Wanless. The nation- | f the same in the spring. «In the deal | regard Da ES merit 5 os , , 8. ° NAUD,
alities of the prisoners were as fol- BE i takes Mr, Hillman's house ian Have MOtice; aiid the said. Executors = k Ae tab nee tn ARS MONts. for ae
lows: Canadians, men 146, women 18; | #0d lot here, any OOP ENO REEOISOB Ally DER t hor : Dale
Americin, men 69, women 3; English, 4 the annual oreeung of the local Seg CE oa ETI Te ; to him or addryss Amhorsthurg-P. 0. a
men 31; Scotch, men 24; Irish, men |Chapter a ¢. Daughters of the pEm- | af tho time orth distribution.
17; other nationalitics, men 65, Nine- ae the omeere pe all re-elected as Rae he " 5 =
ty-flve of the prisoners claimed the re- | follows: egent, Mrs, L. J. Wright; | pated at Amher: 4 : 7 = , aed 4 es 5
lgion of the Roman?Catholic church; |18t. Vice-Regent, Mrs.7°W. W. Link; ea we ee arriages and Vehicles
Presbyterians numbered 69; Method- and,  leedtegent 7x; vee Maxon; s j h Hi h , High Classy Monuments a Specialty
isty, 66; Anglicans, 54; other denomin- "Secretary: Mrs. Shepherd; Treasurer, 7 fF { t 6 I ‘ON
ations, 70, Mra. A. U, Stewart; Standard Bearer, N edit : if!) 0 eS la 8 t ade in Cana LE
—Word has been recelved from the Bas it, wines Echo — Secretary; 3 olice to Cre or 7 , g a, Granite ber a | * 2
West that James Mason, a former resj- | Mrs, (Drv) ng; Councillors, «Mrs. | 4 4 - 4 ar {
dent of Anderdon and Elford, had | Huffman, Mrs. G. A. Brown,’ Mrs.|"" "manuel Berube, iste of the Yown oF | goign re eames, the agency In this district for the GRAY products, and C, A, CULLEN, Pra ee |
died <very suddenly at his home at|Borrowman, Mra, Marcotte, Mrs. ‘J. Amherstburg, in the County of Essex, | °° oe “a pence of your patronage. Weito igritHhoce. ek i
Delia, Alberta, on Tuesday, January | James, Mrs. Willson, Mrs. Ludlam, Merchant, degeused) ¥ >| ine the g me oe Fanning Milla and Kitchen Cabinets |Puone 275 LEAMINGTON, ONT
8th. Mr. Mason had been ailing for a] Mrs.B. Lane, Mrs. A. J, Davies, Mrs. |” NOTICE {8 hereby given purstiant to the n liber: It aS + Built at home.. The choicest ‘materiul, “ Sold : i
few weeks, but retired that night | B. W. Cox. Statute in that bohulf that all persona hay- 2 oO a how al é .
without complaint, His wile wert to) Sot ea ane, Clas: awinsd tho estate of tho. said] Our shop also headquarters for DEERING FARM MACHINERY. J SUTT N
Jorome Emmanuel, Berube, who died on or ® : *
his room dbout an hour later, and was| ALL AT HOME SHOULD about the 21st dey of November, 1917, are f Funeral Di = d
surprised to find that he hud passed ‘ Teduited oe a by eee toate on de- HAR Y ; bal rectors.
aay. : on A, . Amherstburg, I % }
fale. "Deedtged was Ghayenryot| PREPARE FOR WAR | diiiestis on iui aut I sui ely hen Sse
. ‘ . ep i O| ruary 5 s $ 113 Onellotto Ave,
age, and formerly lived at Elford, but The first toat * thelr names and addresses, full particulars 4 - Phone si,
moved to the-west about twenty years | ether war or ito lnuraaee ieee sear | tie nary, nagore, ot te ce: | PHONG A Ramsay Street, Ambersthurg|\—— ,
Doria, since, Ho, is wurvived hy’ fs | til beedtan tar Einar ay esses: | atae ne att POS dba ano eaPfa cat — |
, since. survived by his} t i im- Y Suid Thirty-trs! = +3 — m7 A
wife, who? was formerly Migs Packer varteat at i oe eet old distribute Hite Expeutors tho t proceed ty a 3. W.& A. RAILWAY +
and seven childrenp—Mrs. Stewart’ ago and death. The more injurious the | “hong the persons entitled thereto, havin Ro al Pu 1 5. S ha, we Fe i
Cowan, Dr. James, Fred. Ri, Frankie, | noisons passing through the kidnoys the |f¢Xa" only to claims of which they shall y rpte toc: S beci Cc WINTER: TIME TABLE =
of Delia; Mrs. F. H. Keune,.of Wind: | soonor comes dacay—ao says Dr. Pleres | wit not p Hina pron: thes Beit aac : ae age
sor; Hugh and Mildred, at home. Mrs. } of Surgical Tastituts, Buffalo,.N, Y.,>vko | any part theroor to any. parson oF pertoce R a> ; Cars run on Easte sta + 4
Keane and children, of Windsor, at-| further adviscs all poople who ars past | Of whose claim-nostce shall not have been “ oup Cure, Chick Feed In effect Ja mm eee Ls
tonded thé funeral, which was held at! thirty to preserva tho vitality ofthe kid. | /*°ved. st Ane tine of such, distribution, ’ Windsor sds “irierst
elia. and : = . 4 | |
clomeats, aul as ure aeid--arink plant [Dated at rnersirg sist day 6 Ia Stock Specific, P| rereburg. " qhindeor
= . | of water—swent some daily and take Us va : 4 a. 3 Radeon
TOWN OF ESSEX, Anuric, do : lt M W 7.06 eae
J , double strongth, before =77"s, 7.00
* 3) : : ee}, : eR ‘ i r 6.16
Lieut, Gordon Davies, who ait Anutle ig 2 discovery of Dr. Pierce, ink % Iedebeilotet a : Calf eal & orm Powders 00 g 36
overseas with the 241st Battalion and and can be obtained at drug stores, For bean . 11.00 3016
Was gassed somewhere in France” that ‘backache, lumbago,. rheumatism, ASK FOR OUR PRICES t Lin : D.m, p. my q
last November. visited the past week | .70%Y'’ joints, swollen fent or hands ; aa eae iment, est) Tae ’
with his brother Norman, 4b “town, | due to usic acid fa the blood, Annria eee 0 * 26
Lieut. Davies i8 in Canada on sick | TCH. tyes ‘the trig) acid. ashok i Nosdesd-Taumbee: a 4.16
leave, but is to report back for duty ee ees ete. ROE pboneh oa ied Lumber, JW Te WILKIN i30 G16
on March 23rd. Ho {a {mprovinz ‘orce for trin) p! . P e SON _ 50 . 8.16
arch 23ri e mproving from Shingles, Lath, Plank, » < -~ HARNESS A rf
the German gns he recefved. ink Auuric fs the beat ( . AND LEATHER Goops store. ent 11.00
—C€apt. J. W. Brien, who went to i Ch ela et » Sash,’ Doors, ‘ Phoadis7 : : “AMHERST: me Z 5 :
New, York“clty a fawswooks ‘apo. in kidnhye en Ricen ae 5 Fra ‘4 ee BURG Press car leaves car house, Wind 4
connection with recruiting, has boen ] ie) pets fons rames, Mouldings, Sor, 6.40 a.m. daily. Express car leaves
transferred to Detroit, and is in charge eee ae the limba, Wall Boards, &e, : pee pm. ; Sunday, excepted. ‘
of the Medical Dopot of the British tool, Anurie and $i: : ‘ 4% MOTHER'S BREAD All Amberstburg cary run throughto Walker” ‘
and Cansdian Recruiting, Mission iu a get! nila ‘ ‘ tt Pht ina, ead Tecumseh, Eastato Standand tne

   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 

Can WeNot Tempt You To
Taste the Goodness

BUFFALO DIVISION: _
Eastern Standard Time. Ri,

—_

Gott effect November. 1th IE ce

   
 
 

  

 

=
fo)
<=
™

    

  
 
 
   
  
 
 

 
    

ez=
°
ae

 
  
  
 

    
  
  

 

 

 
         
  
 

  
   

lico, J. D. Hilly $100;* Cullector of

  

NOTICE ~

follows: : Clark, R. RB. Brett, salary | Pc 0% todey, © welll oan—nower, fee) any. tan
$260; Treasurer, W. D. Beaman, salary weciher cénditisos tiny eect omia eee ral F R U. IT T ar
“1$125; Assessor, John Laing, ‘salury.| Eidoey medicine in every soe” —E FI” ~ sis yaa
$100; ‘auditors, J. A. Dowswell and | Ss7#e% © Matilda trees : he i | inte
A. W. Massey, $25 ench; Chief of Po- : aren 17
Hat.

1

   
 
 
    
  

 

9 superior quality of which you Will’ readily re.

  
 

       
    

   

F 4 : qui 12
wate an, samt Sater, pe Fhe i Bene iene ) i
taxes, E. H. Carnahan, 25 percent: on | “NOTICE Is hereby given that the} “ j vey) CK READ has that sw ere :
collections; caretaker of town hall, | Corporation of the County of Eedex}  ~ ES ea ae : > Dut. rarely found in they puts lke flavor, re -»+« McGregor

Mias L,° O'Hara, $80; Medical Health | will apply to'the Leglitative Assombl¥] yw, 1.
Officer, Dr. Dovle, $50; High School {ot the Proyinco of Ontario, in-Parllir| ¢) 1° need
Trustee, Dr. Doyle; 3 years; High

Walkor
a alegre

 

rare}
bes
begin

 
 

 

‘ GVAYE S.YSHLOW FPP EEE EHP beet ee

; for an Act c
ston's term), Dr. Rogers;* Sanitary Int agreoment entered into’

 
    

Engin:

Der month; Member Board of Heuith,
ember | of’ mi

pale aati Officer, ° i
That's a “Blighly One” oe ale H. G.of L. Stocks have got.to be reduced. No two ways about that,
We'll pay you $5.00 a Suit or Coat to take them away. You. choose any suit or coat in the store,

marked $15 or more. Then pay the salesman exactly $5.00 LESS than the ticket calls: for.

$15 Suit or Overcoat for $10.00 $16-50) Suit or Overcoat for $11.50 ~ >
$18 Suit .or Overcoat for $13.00 $20.00 Suit or Overcoat for $15.00 x
$22 Suit or Overcoal for $17.00 $25.00 Suit or Overcoat for $20.00 =

W. R. BOYCE ie CcOo.,

TOWNSHIP OF COLCHESTER SOUTH.

Harrow.

THE ECHO !S THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF gus

Seebeolertoolorborlorlorionderiorinel> spooleseoloterblodeelteepelobeeleeetetebeiebetert

DOES IT PAY?

Is a question often asked these days.

We just want to ASK YOU THIS QUESTION in
connection with your Hardware requirements

DOES IT PAY
TO DIVIDE YOUR BUSINESS?

We give you the best ASSORTMENT, SER-
VICE and PRICES and the more business you give
us the more we can and.do for you. Kindly
give us a chance to prove this, WE ASK NO
SPECIAL .FAVORS. WE JUST WANT A
CHANCE TO PROVE to you the advantage of
dealing here for every dollars worth of goods in the

Hardware line.’

See Us About Your Binder Twine and: Spraying Material.

Prices and Goods a ora Absolutely.

G, RIOHARDSON,& SOM

GENERAL HAROWARE.
HA R ROW

Seer errr bred

: Why should you worry about the high, cost of
Clothing wHen-you can get

‘SUITS for $10, $12 and $15,
Overcoats from $15 to $20

Made up in the latest styles. Comé and look them over.
MEN'S AND BOYS SHOES and RUBBER GOODS.
Also Carhartt's Overalls.

ft WEBSTER & i

Connection with Webster's Harness Shop, Herrow.

HARROW, Sh

Make your Resolution for -New Year's come:
true by placing a Victrola in your home. No

enjoyment like music.
> Sce our stock from $27.50 tos$225.

A. G. TAYLOR, Harrow

“Jeweler, Optician, &c,

pina es ui eae

HARROW.

Selene ek REIN

Mrs. George Leroy {s on the sick
list.

Mrs. Philip Quick, of Ford, {s visit-
ing her daughter, Mrs. Fred. Baltzer.

Washington Hurst, who suffered a
stroke of paralysis, is somewhat {m-
proved.

The coal situation fs again becoming
acute, Onlyjone car has come in with-
in ten days.

Mr. Chisholm, field manager for
Clark Co., Limited, has rented the H.
Kile residence, and is already occupy-
ing it

A _ Pp, Forsyth has sold his house and
ee hore to Wm. Affleck, and expects
to move to Essex, where he has pur-
chased Dr, Snell's beautiful home.

Union services of the Presbyterians
and Baptists will be held in the Bap-
tist church on Sunday next and
throughout the month; of February.

Two big parties—liast of the season
“Dancing 9 till - Luncheon—sing-
ing—Stone’s Famous—Hadley Hall,
Monday, February 4th and 11th—Two
big parties

Fire from a chimney In David Mar-
shall’s house, Tuesday ~ morning,
threatened to destroy the place, but
fortunately was quenched before, much
damage was done.

Housecleaning will soon be on. You
will want a good washing machine,
Try a 1900 washer, ora Maytag gaso-
line washer. Get your order in early,
J. Readman. Phone 69.

F- J, Clark, manager of the branch
of the Dominion Canners at Blenheim
for the past two seasons, has accept-
ed a similar position for the Harrow
branch of Quality Canners, Limited,
He is being succeeded by J. H. Hav-
ens, who has been In the factory asso-
ciated with Mr. Clark for two years.

They're-@ll coming home! Witlam

Brookland, who a few months ago
went to Collimgwood to conduct 4
gent’s furnishimg store, has rented the
Klle store, Darby block, and takes pos-
session March ist. ‘ Mr. Brogkland is
only one of many former residents
who are arranging for their return to
the locality where the tomato and cu-
cumber come to perfection.
- The young’ people of Harrow are
‘taking on.cothuslsstic interest in the
choral class as evidenced by tho at-
tendance.- The first night over 30
wero in attendance, while on Tuesday
night 47 were in attendance. The
pest meeting will be held in the Meth-
ef onlae church as the attendance {s tax-
i) ing the-seating capacity of Mr. Madill’s
office.: A splendid concert will be giv-
en in the spring,

‘Methodist church services as° usual
next Sunday. The Lord's supper will
be admigistered at the close of the
morni service. Every member as
far as possible is urged to attend.
am., Sunday %chool and Bible classes;
11 am, subject: “The Place” and
Work of the Holy Spirit in the
Church,” by yequest; 7.30 p.m.: “Heavy:
en's Joy Over a Repenting Sinner.”
Everybody welcome: ,

Miss Ruby «Wright, @ near bride;
was shOW¢@red in»a most acceptable
manner at the home of.Mr. and Mrs.
F. H. Ferpigs, Thursday afternoon of
|last week, Miss Greeta Ferriss being
hostess to @ score of her girl friends.
The bdride-¥o-bo was warmly greeted
and received a host of presents, use-
ful and beawtiful, which will fit nicely

10],

VALEN TI N ES

We have a varied assortinent, but the
early purchaser will have the best
choice,

THE SENTINEL STORE
ADAMS BLOCK HARROW.
A word to the wise Ja suflicent.

rolled, which “speaks. volumes for the
intelligent conception the women of
the district have of the value of such
a course, though it is all too abbre-
vinted. Miss Didsbury is proving her-
self not only a lady of pleasing per-
sonality, but possessing a broad
knowledge of the subject, and her ex-
planations are followed eagerly by the
whole class. The young men’s. Short
Course grows in interest as it pro-
gresses, Roy Fleming, of Chatham,
was in charge for a couple of days,
this week. Wednesday, P. L, Fancher,
Corn Specialist, of Chatham, gave an
address on “Bacteriology,” Mr. Kerr,
of Ottawa, was also ‘present. Mr.
Gardhouse {s expected to-day (Friday.)

The annual meeting of the Public
Library Board met Wednesday aftor-
noon of last week in,the reading
room with Captain Bassett in the
chair, Members present—Miss Eva
Thompson, Rev. A. Edington, Dr. Hus-
ser, G. Rogers and the president. The
secretary, Miss Eva Thompson, report-
ed a successful year, with a good
balance in the treasdry, The follow>
ing officers were appointed for the
ensuing. year: President, Capt. Bas-
sett; Vice-Pres., Rey. J. BE. Russ; Sec-
Treas., Miss Dalay Brookland; Librar-
{an, Miss Eva Thompson; Audjtor, Mr.
Rogers. The President was appoint
ed to walt on the village and township
councils on béhalf of the Library.
Purchasing, Commi{ttee—Miss Eva
Thompson, Rev. J. B. Russ and G.
Rogers. The following comprise tho
Board of Managers: The President,
Sec-Treas., Librarian, the local
clergy and G. B. Johnston and R. H.
Tofflemire. Rey, Dr. Husser was ap-
pointed to attend tho next Provincfal
Public Library Institute. A very com-
plimentary and. unanimous: resolution
was tendered R. H. Tofflemire, the re-
tirthg Ubrarian, fomithe splendid ser-
vice-rendered-the - during ‘his.
seventeen years of Office, while deep
regret was expressad that because of
falling health he fonnd it necessary to
resign, The hope was expressed that
Mr. Tofflemire might lomg be spared
to assist in the good -work the Library
is doing.

Pap oe cane!
‘ t COLCHESTER SOUTH

FAR PEEP EEE EEE OEE ET Cad
Mr. Clarence Bondy {s serfously ill.

Mrs. Duncan Ferriss keeps about the
game.

Council meets next Monday’ for gen-
eral business.

Mrs. John - McDonald is. suffering
from an attack of pneumonia.

Fishermen are busy getting their
gear in order for the spring season.

Mr. and Mrs..Fred. Thomas — were
week-end visitors dt J. H. Madill's;

Mrs. George Tofflémire is quite {ll
at the home of her fathor, P. Tetzlaff.

‘Joseph Fox, who has been ill. with
plourisy and Picumaeer, is Somewhat
better. :

St. Alban's guild have deferred thelr

Acting for eastern interests, ‘Fred.
White purchased in Colchester South
two cars of seed corn, which have been
shipped to eastern markets, The buy-
er from the East was also on the job,
and was so pleased with the quality
that he was able to get for $3.00 a
bushel, ‘he stated that he would be here
again next year, and would be pre-
pered to pay 60c @ bushel more than
any other offer made for Colchester
South seed corn. The farmers of this
district are certainly striking it rich.
What with high pricég for pork, seed
corn, tobacco, wheat? hay and other
commodities, such a thing as hard
times and the bad seasons that did
strike this district have all been for-
gotten in the present business of look-
ing after well filled pocketbooks, and
counting deposits made almost dally.

The prayer of the large number of
petitioners from this district to the
Governor of Montana to commute the
death sentence “of Sherman Powell,
son of Mra. Mary C. Harris, to life
{mprisonment; was: not entertained and
word was received this week by the
heart broken mother that her son was
hanged at Butte, Montana,resigned
and brave; His last words were an
expression of thanks to the many
kind friends 4iere who co-operated
with his mother in her efforts to bring
about a reprieve. Friends contribut-
ed $102, which was sent to the lawyer
who defended him and usd ‘n an ef-
fort for a new trial. The Butte Post
spenks in very complimentary terms
of the young man, whom one of their
reporters visited in prison, deciaring
that he was one of«the finest-luoking
specimens of the negro race to be
found in any part of the country. The
Sheriff said: “I dont’ believe there
was ever & more peaceful or obedient
prisoner in the county gnol. He has
neyer given us any trouble and com-
plies completely with every rule and,
regulation.” Pdwell was 29 years of
age and was born here, He was an

SCHOOL
SUPPLIES

In Scribblers of all kinds wo have reat values, having secured of
them.befdre the size was reduced! , gee

ees Pencils and Pens and Examination Pads are likewise ‘exceptional
2,

Our writing pads aro great for value and quality, being the best a or;
and they fre one-third thicker than those now on pe market at fic ares 2%

price: » cae teen
E. F. DARBY, HARROW re

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY a

Eat fllone: WHOLE Wit PREPARATIONS

wet are conducive to batten health: and the conservation of White _
our.

With PURINA WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR delicious: Muffins can be
mide, and Purina Whole Wheat Bread ia extremely wholesome,’ Whole =,
Wheat contains more nutritious properties than Lae flour, and: :
specially recommended for childrén.

The coarse particles of Purina Whole Wheat Flour are met: i
by = special procéss. ;

Get a package, On which you will find splandid. receipes for, its! ule.
vod

“

FH FERRIS,

a
ae
oye
oe
Rs
7"
+
i

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.

3
Cy
of
+
i
ke
&
*
52 HARROW Phone 5

expert cook employed on the Great

Northern Railway when he was arrest-
ed for the murder of J. H. Montgom-
ery on the night of April 8th, 1917, also
an employee of the same service, With
several of their friends they were
playing asgame of cards in a dining
car in the railroad yards in that city.
Some trouble rose over the game and
Montgomery was killed. Powell was
tried-and found guilty, of murder in the
first degree. The unfortunate man en-
joyed an excellent reputation while
in the employ of various railway com-
panies, and hundreds of persons who
knew him Joined in a petition to the
governor asking for commutation of
sentence;
Zion.

The Zion Epworth League are hold-
{ng thelr. meetings at the different
homes during the cold weather, The
meeting was hid at Leonard Floyd's
last Wednesday evening, the topic be-
ing tnken by Mrs. J. R. Balkwill.—Mrs.
D. Balkwill underwent an operation at
Harper hospital Inst week.—This
weather reminds us of the winters we
used to hear of years ago, but the old-
est inhabitant never saw such snow
drifts in this locality.—Roy, Heaton
spent lost Thursday in the clty.—
Oliver Fulmerunderwént an operation
for appendicitis .at Hotel Dieu on
Thursday .of last week. He {s pro-
greasing as well as can be expected,
—Quarterly meeting at ,Zfon church
next Sunday, and quarterly board
meeting in Malden‘chureli on the fol-

Lay Hardwood. Floors in Your Living Room, i

Dining Room and Bed Rooms.

Spend a few dollara doing thie and
you will add at least $800 to the value
of the house.

Come and Inspect’ our Samples.

—

C. F.. SMITH,

HARROW.

into her new fome.acheme. Lunclieon |regular meetings until” the weather

‘was’ served daintily by\the charming | moderates.
hostess. There wore registerd with Township

Rev. T. Frears will begin a series of |Clerk Madill duringsthe: year: 1917:

lowing Monday at 2 o'clock p.m.—A
number of sleigh loads of young folks
enjoyéd themselves at a party at John
Hicks’ on Friday evening of last week.
—Mrs. Ross Riddell and family, of

sermons OM ‘Sunday evening in the
Baptist clirch, dealing with the
teachings Circulated recently upon the
doorsteps Of our community. Tho fol-
lowing Gre {he subjects of
“An-old Fo§ in New Forms’
of Unbelléf tn Jesus Christ”, “Hell:
Hach Certainty, What Sort of Place it
The New Births “The Refuge of
Lia" Everybody should hear these
timely toples discussed.

A quiet but very pretty wedding
took placa ‘at he Methodist parsonage

Jat bigh oon Wednesday, when the.

myrtle Wits were spoken by the Rev.
Dr. ong which united Dudley
‘DiGges ond Miss Ruby Wright in the

; }holy bonds of matrimony. The bride,

-}noon tralj

4x30"...
: erie te aoe yee $275.00.

rial for ~ ROOF will not exceed $15.00.
ms bulld these Silos of PINE and CEDAR.

THE TWO Mepis TIMBERS.
You can readily see by above prices, that you are getting
“the benefit of the Middle 3
DO BUSINE

Jatt
' thee which thoy. will:
jis

|who' is the youngest daughter of Mr.
and Mra. W. G. Wright;. of Harrow,
looked charming in’ ay beautiful iam
elling sult 5¢ Oxford grey with hat to
match. Tha happy couple left on the
for Toronto and Ottawa,
will span reo weeks,,
ait home to
Seri sitghe: gral aad te
ha

wamkgee of the Government an
mental farm one milo cast of Harrow.

where

‘Birthe; 41; marriages; 19; deaths, 20,

Darcy Bondy has provod that fv
pays'to advertise, a little liner in The
Echo selling his seed corn in short
order.

Friends of Mr. and Mrs, William
Huffman surprised them on Friday
Might and enjoyed a very pleasant
social evening; breaking up at 2. next
morning.

Two big panrties—Inst*of the scason
—Dancing 9 fii —. Lungheon—asing-
ing—Stone’s Famous—Hadley Hall,
Monday, February 4th and 11th—Two
big parties.

W. A. Barnet was the plensed victim
of a surprise birthday party, Thursday:
evening-of last week, when a Sleigh-;
load’ of’ friends gathered © there and |¢,
spent afew merry hours... ~

Mr.and. Mra. Ben’ were mar-

happy .célebration, ene eam in by
paniniate ‘next Snniflay.
‘6 supper will be

ried fifteen years’ago Monday. The
occasion was marked A quiet but
& number of their neigh

Service jah usual in thre Sea ‘Meth-
re ly aan he
@ Ho) C)

ome, oe!
in. compa iian with the
ia in Detrolt,

The pas-}.

Windsor, are visiting at the home of
Sam. Stapleton.—Misé Jeasie Rawson
received o*trench card from her
brother, Pte. Robert Raw pe this
week. He was woll and allright:
Those cards are quite’ an idea. The
Y. M. @, A. furnish them, key, are
printed,

YS reccRaa=

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Percy Fox, of Ruthven, who has been
laid up with pneumonia, is progressing
favorably.

Arner.

i= Florin Hubbell is confined to his bed
th week —Mrs, David Balkwill went
Harpae hospital on eeaey to un-
bas operation.—Walter Living:
stone and John Crichton spent a cou-
ple of days in. Walkerville the: past
wook.—Oliver Fulmer, whois in Hotel
Diou, having undergone jan operation
tor eppsndialtis, In Jeprnving D 1s improving nicely.

TOWN OF Seo eee

The funeral took ook place on Saturday
of one of the oldest residents in the
County-of Essex in the person of Mra.
Alex. Wilson. She. was 90 yoats old
and had been on invalid for twelve

@ resalt of Her}:
name wan ‘Ursula Halcrew,,
etland Is)

Before purchasing a Gramaphone, hear the beautiful
toned Gerhard-Heintzman Phonograph. The finish of the
cabinet is superidr to any make on the market and the tone 3
cannot be surpassed by any other make of thege instru-.
ments. 4?

2 Call and’hear them, or just call us up and fiave. one
demonstrated in your home. Wes

All the latest records always on hand. We are put-
ting in a large supply of records, and will have the new.
records here every month, and you can hear them: all
played right in:our store. ;

J. H. Madill & Co. = "RW

_ Agents for Ge: pare isinbean, GC Company.
: Pianos and Phonogeaphs. us

i
:
ce

 
    
       
         
 
   
   

      
    
 

 

 

 
   
  
   
    

    
  

Soe os pa OG oe ee eed oe SL TS eee ee A = :
aneh Amherstburg Coun of their properties in front of ¥ LUE OF e - CICONUT. = : Hj
| He eae wan: | Heber sett oe tern maps me Gere om “Hn Friend in Negd is a Fri
; + a y 28th. y-law to appoint ‘a conrt of revi , r | ee |
r ! - Council iy peas fon on local {mprovement work wie He rae Pay Meee sei Geirinta. the A Fri nd i

Plant {n This Courtry.

Prosent His Worship Mayor Park,| ‘ead the necessary number of times : :
Reeve Brown and ..Counciliors Bert-|and finally passed, the court to | Americans, fave entirely ignored or:

; ¢, Crimmins .and|composed of Mayor Park, Reeve ¢l#e haven known of the really | i 3 2
ean eons Wiki Brown ind Mesers. Bortrand, Craig Wonderful possibilities wiich exist to | } } & 4
Minutes, of previous meeting were | 4nd’ Wiele. j #ecumulate a fortune Jy growing co- i i
read and adopted, : The by-law appointing town officers | conuts for exporting or for the pro- | Tar @ i :
Accounts and communications were | ¥48 passed and filled in as follows: duction of the coconut tree's numerous H i !
read and referred to the respective} Auditor—A. F. Falls, salary unstated. | marketable byproducts. ‘
committees as follows: | ¢ \
2 Park, salary $100. URG
Accounts. South Amerien the frult is used chiedl f
‘ ed Town Clerk and T: —A-" J, uae IMMIN ;
Finance Committee—A. J. Brooker, |, ot atlary $600; oes Hee T #: for local consumpion, the water from CR S BLOCK. AM :
he helps your Pocketbook,

     
 
    
      
    
  

  

RY ONE OF US.

Poisons As A Germ
Laboratory.

— —_AUTO-INTOXIGATION

Medical Officer of Health—Dr. T. J./ In the. West indies; Central and

 
    
 
  
 

board of prisoners, $5.10; A. J. Burns, |) daily. the green coconit’ belng a beverago \

ptc., $3; A. J. Burns, register- :
saa hardanta and deaths. $17.-| Member Puplic Library—H. Y.Pick-| decidedly coo! ai refreshing, with

40: Essex County Light Co., street | ering. medicinal -valucs, The lenves from the | Ts your Friend because

lights, $71.09. Chief engineer waterworks—F, H.| center of the top of the tree make an

Property Committee—W. Brooker, McCaffrey, salary $75 month, execilent salad unt are to be found fo ee
work, $5.50: F. P. Scratch & Co.,| Assistant engineer—Bd. Kemp, sal-| cll Latin: American markets in ‘the

    
   

  
   
  

         
  
 
 
  

     
      

 
  
    
 
    
  

blanket, $5.00; John Grant, supplies, | 4*y $60 month. zones in which they grow. ‘The héwa ; : ;
rs 4 ‘o., hall, Fence viewers—F. E. Laramie, Joh ah - :
5 “FRUIT-A-TIVES” Absolutely Pre- aE: Heeex County Light” Co. oo McLean, Joseph Grant. P a ae oe paeye Tok he dee Have you got your reductions In
sotits [This Pangercus <caditon: Fire, Water and Light Committee—| Collector of water rates—J. H. Pet-| ¢oudy rom the ymaller levves ve. : &
Wm. Fox, cartage, $5; R. Maisey, typiece, salary $400, 2 a

= The chief cause of poor hvalth is
our neglect of the dowels. Wasto
matter, instead of passing from tho
lower intestine regularly every day,

work, $3; A. Boyd, work, $4.90; Essex
County Light Co., waterworks, $8.77,
$3.67.

Health and Charity Committco—
Boufford, board of John Daley, $15.

 
 

e
Town constables—F. McCaffrey, S. cellent hats of a iigh grade are fash- i y
Renaud, D. Mongeau, P. Brooker, John | ‘ned, but few of which reach this 1% erweal OVS J
Grant, R. Maisey, Perry Pigeon, Ed, | country.” From somo loculities ripened vera § Jj :

Long, Thomas Cowan. nuts are exported in -bulk in the bolds )

Chief of Police, ete—Fred. Brooker, | of sbips, often 2s ballast, to this coun-

   

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
    
  
  

 
  
   
     
     
     
   
  
    
          
     
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
     
    
 
   
  
     

 

 

 
 
 

  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

  

 

 

is allowedto remain there, reverting 15 i
i { si = ts 4 E Communications. $75 per month. try, where a few conéefMs are engaged j all 0 |
ceey Teas aor sae specced pyrive From W. a. McLean, re Order-in- es Board ef Health—R. C./ in grating coconut meat for the use ell S$ ll ‘ Y
4 ie . : Council approving of River rond as Member Hie ' # of confectionors and bakers,
c: 8] In other words, a person who in | part of County Highway System. rails ber High Schoo} Board—F. M.| In the West Iadics bonsewlves mako 1
ea | habitzally constipated, is polsoui From W. A. Hadley, Chatlam, com-} °°... ‘ ae Wsheaivats. f. ‘ ——$—$<$<—<—$—<——
{ 4 | 1 If. W. ed . ds . |plaining that reductions of assessment By-law to borrow a sum not exceed- ag an Boel Nees Seu econ Gy OUE
a paresis alae fn the Hadley block, Amherstburg, [198 $10,000 from Martha A, McGutre,| DU‘ yielding a pound of high grado :
+7 ‘ intoxication, duv to non-actio hy the court of revision were not sat. | for the Sandwich street pavement, was vutter at a cost of less than 10 cents.— : i
24 f. 1 bowels, is isfactory. read the necessary number of times} W. ©. Aughinbeugh In Leslie's, ‘|
oe :) serious Kid 5 Addresses to Searet. Speer pi ct F oar
fmf that it up } Henry Boufford addressed the coun- 3 ae THE. BANK TELLER t
ae ieestin . cil, requesting that they extend the ————__--__—_—_—_ iiss SUS =. @ : , Fad f be mag Men’s Hats, ,
=} is } pnuicert > a Rhe : payment of Mr Daley’s board unti} 9 - eS ie eas see Special Khaki Shirts, 89c. Men’s $1.00 Caps, for 49c ts, 98c.
is Sleeples ‘onic Rhetlm- _}yfay ist, when he caw go to work. A WOMAN’S HEALTH His Tithe Comec:From the Old Enolisis A. Ils, 89 . ;
ah atism, Gc The Back, are Ed, Dornan addressed the council, Use of Wooden Tallics. ja Men’s 50c. Braces for 35c. Overalls, C.
~ { relieved as soonas the bowels be offering $100 for lot 37, George street. fait 5 Formerly oacceuuts were kept and4 +
. tak regular; and that Herwonted {ol pate vowss on tt ' ae large sums of wouey paid and recelyed Men’s and Ladies’ Fleece-Lined Underwear 69c. garment.
# ie © Eezema and othe Rois cone A ie ape wee Can Only be Maintained By Keep- ; by the king's exelicquer iu London, with |J : * : 25c.
+ Poe @isanvear when a ere a hed stb awe Brie iit . h i Mttle other form thon the exchange or A WINNER a pair Canvas Gloves, Cc.
: taken to correct Constiy service for ‘over two weeks.. He hasf ing ine Blood Rich BONY GI GUT ONG SSE CURLED
i “Prpit-a- wis not had the pipes repaired on his ‘own ed or scored, corresponding ‘blocky be- VENIR WITH EACH PURCHASE. :
Frauit-a an ure
. against property, ing kept by the partles to the seeount, |f : ms
a gainst I ~ Committee Reports. From ‘this. usage oue of the head oft. |] : ; RY” 7
5 this wonderful fru mle eProperty iConinilttes’s: report ; cors of the excheyuer was called tho : P.S.—Do not be misled. The only branch of “THE HUB, 43 Sandwich Street,
} was read and Incorporated Into the |. The woman at home,-deep in house | ler" or “teller.” ‘These taliles vw Windsor, is in the Crimmins Block. “The Working Man's Friend” has'‘no connection |

Finance Committee's report. hold duties and the cares of mother-| Often hezotinable. Adam Smith in
The Fire, Water and Light Commit-|lood;.needs occasional help to keep| “Wealth of Nations” says that “In 1
tee’s report w ead and incarporated | hér in good heulth. The demands up-| tallies hud been ut 10 and 50 anid GO
into the Finance Committee's report. }on a mother’s health are many and | per cent discount, and banknotes nt 20 ae
The Health and Charity Committee's fsevere. Her-own health trials and per cent.”

 

with any other store in Amherstburg.

  
   

ers or sent on
‘ruit-avtives Limited, Ottawa,

   

 

    

  
      

   
 

        

 

 
       

    

 

  

  
 
 
 

      
 
  

    
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

 

 

   
        

 
   

                

 

\ 7 a the oh ’ - :
. = report was-read and incorporated Into) her children’s “welfare éxact heavy The sy: O fitsartean DEAT S e
t j [ HE I ‘CHO the Finnnco Committee's report. tojls, while hurried meals, broken rest od ah rls a baat tee 2 5
{ The Finance Committee's report was }ind Mut Indoor living tend to weaken Totes ux ee eae me 10) S rie
Fy Publishea by yead and adopted as follows; her constitution. No wonder that the the night of Oct. 16, 1834, of the off Z
* * THE ECHO PRINTING GO, Limited, |Dr. T. J. Park, M.O.H.... .$ 25 00| Woman at home {5 often indisposed peas of parliament is thought to bave
: } * _ IB er. bos if p arsowD hrough weakness.and nervousness, T} D&C occasioned by the over thig of < .
i ty Amherstburg, Ont. A. J. Brookér. board of p ners**5 10 | through 0 eas, i fa a t
A : t 5 eEW MARSH A. JBurns, B., M. and D. . 17 40| through weakness, headache, back-| the flues when: tt were ent Corner Apsley and Murray Street, Crimmins Block, Amherstburg, Ont.
iy ‘ ‘ JOHN A. ea ape aignc: “Treas, |: H. McCaffrey chief engincer 75 00) ac he8 and nervousness. Too many | ployed to consume (le , rendered (WATCH US GROW) es
; President. = "| Ed. Kemp, < stant engineer. 60 00 aoe have grown to- accept these] useless by the alrerntion in the moda : : . :
a — AC ROOKOTEG. OCP. wee 75 00] visitations as a part of the lot of] of keeping the exch
eS FRIDAY, FEBRUARY. Ist, 1918 J. .H. Pettyplece, collector 33 33| motherhood. . But many and varied as Sate an the incle x re nee
ae SSS eh SRY s ° os * <a me ¢ j 5 q veya
a = A. J. Burns, Clerk : ~ 41) 67), het ae troubles.are, the cause 18 | written by Willitm Done,
auf > . “Reports as to the result of the over- A, J, Burns, see eter. 3 oO aa e pad the cure ‘at hand. When :
e4 as military vote, {t is stated offic-|Essex County, “L. PCO; yj Well, it is the woman's good blood were
+ ie aly ay ane: are to be regarded streets 71 09 |'that keeps her wel; when fil ahe must Some! Leaves Live Long.
7) merely fig unconfirmed rumors. No} F. H.jA. D. 97 50} inike her wlood rich ito venew her Evergreen trees do not re
{ : 5 3 have y received | W.. Thom 50, hentth. “The nursing inother more] leaves Yorever, but are sv
‘ official returns have yet been r T } I ng nother more are st
by the general returning officers, and|F. P. Ser any othe hin the world] cause the new Jeaves appc
i the counting is not expected to be com-}J. Grant, cupplins far hall. ‘ : rich —b 1 plenty of {t-.} the old opes are al
>} pleted for probably a couple of weeks. | Essex County Light. €o.~town | There A) one always unfailing way to} Pense laS been +
| It is ikely that the full result of the hall! <ocey exe wate coe we 14 10 Peet this good Waod. so Hecessary to] evererc of the
{ naval and military vote here and oVer-}H. Boufford, board of J. Daley ~| perfect health, aad that is through) to y a na
| seas -will'not-be known till towards the 5 weeks . 15 00 the use of Dr. < Williama’ Pins ‘PWNS. | opae >, . fie = =
i middle of February. Willlam ' Fox, 00; These pilis make new bloodewbundant- ra petain ls y Tien rele
| R. Maisey, work ..,,-e 9 00) ly, and through thelr use thousonds vide Viulety. {hes rtest 1p rroiy t
| = ee A. Roya: wortes sss eo ae 4-90 | of KP ailing Wives and iethers| California huckt Which i
3 Pi For the fourth time since Lieuten-} Essex County L. & P.\Co,,, wat- jhave been made bright. cheerful and | 50me-of {ts len ve: Wun und ree
| ant-Colonel T. B. Welch, Windsor, re- erworks .. . . § 77) Strong: If you are’ nfling, casily) tains the others o those of

  
 
  
  
  
   
 
      
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
     
  
    
     

   

  
 

| tired, or Geprecse
97 | owe yourself’ and you

0; Dr. Wills

 

The

signed’ to, take the platform in the
interests of the Liberals at the recent }.
parliamentary ¢! ons, the Canadlan.[ yy. £

tis a duty you] coming season art
‘ family to give is the short It
ms’ Pink Pilis a feir trial. Ss leaves

     

atl vow, whieh re-
n five to twelve

      

 
    
 

   
  
 

 
     
   
  

              
   

      
 

      

 

sen ae Militia ‘Department Friday appointed |yy. ) 7-19{ What this” medicine “his done fér oe tl
te 5 ‘ a new commander of the ~Windsor Unfinished Busine | others it awill surely do for you. Mrs. sree iieralstinys for as
7am es mobilization center, Major C. W. Mo-] Moved by Reeve Brown, seconded }W. H. Alber Meilorytown.  Onit., oe Sheers plings
ds See Ketrick, a return’tf veteran, succeed: | py r, Danike, that comp t of Mr.) 8ay8: “Iwas very much mm down [: * thelr leaves more) quickly
ee ing Captain John M. Wa fon. | t be ft In the lis of the ; and Yered from weakness and ner-} MAiures trees TK trees in t
Ont. Major Stanbury followed Golonel Committee to jnx rousness.. At times I did not know} More sawickly Ulin “those in

     

At to do, as Would ¥oake all over®| Dlages. -
id have"to go and Me down,, | ne zs

 

ried wh

2 Welch, then came“Afajor Morton and %
Moved by Mr. Denike. that Mr, Dor | an

Captain Watts.

 

 
 
  
 

 

 

  
   
 
  
  

 

 
 
 

 

      
 
 

   

   
 

      

   

ot is nan’s wlfer of $100 37, George | Fe od by several doctors, who Frogs and Mud Ferts.
2 street, be accepteds 13 * trouble was bed ®lood and Thére is x dy
1 at been {asue . ns * . | : PI a ‘3 8 a. [riy
There has just been issued the forty Reeve Brown elicited the dpfor j Weak nerves, bit they did not do me] which butt Ff "mud fort dh
ia ) at seventh annual-report of the‘Registrar-| tion tint there wes $120 taxes ja bit of good: A was adyised, to try}; Syyond a yea
: ! General+for Ontario, réporting-to Me) this tor. ‘ Dr aAvil s’ Pink Pills and they rade | Ns Splag see onechn te
registration of births, marriages and| The motion was seconded By. Mr.j me feel Iké 2 new woman. Later} Vrotect Lists ulpoles, “VDhe ‘ x -
1 deaths in the Province during the year] @rjmming and was carried, } When J «wag nursing my biby, 7 felt female frog dives;to the bottony of Cho v > q
1916. Je contains some “interesting | Moyed by Mr, Denike, secondad by |'un- down, and again took tho pills, | WAter. scoops up tivo ft inud ; .
figures; The, estimated population ‘of | iF Be . that. Mr. Daley's board |@nd my baby st six raonthy welghed{iand repents the provess until, shu t : ) “
the. province for 1916 {8 2, 5, di-) phe paid until May Ist.—Carried. thirty-five pounds: It was this medi-| erected a circular wa'bubout ’ ; KIT GA * ETA i
vided as follows: -Citle 7 a r cine th , 3 ZUUE 4 fs i 4
Benes ne Sn 7G enki 4 j ; cl lat gave me the strength to] in @umeter. She keeps on il!) the § tes , r
cae M0. FORCE CoMbe sa xUrA. His Worship advised getting Mr.}2urse hiny and both baby.and myself| wall stands ut least flve luchea abdve > he

Municipalitins, 57.62 per, cent. This i8|naliyn, engineer of the , Provincial | 5reatly benefitted by it. I hone every
Pe Satlnated Racrones In the popula-| Board of Health, to meet the council } ouffering woman will give Dr. Wik
tion of 9,536; or .34 of one) per cent. when he is in this neighborhood short- Hams’ Pink Pils a fair trial as I did,
The increase in. 1914 was 2.62. per iy, to advise os to what the Provinelal | for I shave proved thefr’ wonderful
cent, showing thet the war'has had Board of Health thinks: Amherstburg merit.” ¥ ; The work is performed ouly at night,
the effect of keenjng down the "popula- réquires {nie Way of waterworks: ex You can ‘get these, pills through any and when tt is compléted the éggs are
tion. The rural ‘districts still hold a'| rans -a-spotedtive sorvice medicine dealer or by mail postpaid at) Aenesifed.
majority of the tension and. fire yi § ce, an, Re poatpald a

population. | Mr. Crimming, while admitting this ©? Conts*a box or six boxesTor 92.50

miight be 2 good scheme, thought this |from The Dr WiMians’ Médicine Co.,

 

the surfuce of the ~wiiler, and wig
whole {is most carefully smoother
down Avith ler broad, webbed binds,

 

   

 

 

Owners Everywhere

OURTEOUS attention to your needs*wherever vy.
travel is-something”you ‘appreciate, and ie eid a

     
           

a —— A mae White Kid Gloves.

    

 

    
    

 

   

 

   

 

     

 

     
     
   
   

 

       
      
    

 

            

    
  
  

 
      

  
 
  
  

   
   
  

 
 
   
  

   

    
   
    
   
    
   
  

     
    
 
  

     

 

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   

  
   
 
 

, _|couneil should employ a competent Brickville, Ont, ~ ‘ Puf the gloves on your band and , ‘ ' ,
Be ST Renate rd aad get the actuel aout of SS | wash with a clean white soap ard *itise . owneryou can getit. You aie always “among friends”. s
eM : ‘ copt- jour side of the question In regard to in gasoline. Remove from hand, turn: : 4
Canada for ‘months, tas been sneer tife -waterwarke-Improvement in Am.|O2PENDENTS TO GET iniehecboves.rialikesae- oft audio There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Setvice Stations through-%*
SH er Seon Sesanriated with Mr. }Leratburg. "A lot-of people are not ac- UP 2-40 A MONTH cornstarch Wrap them in a towe) out Canada. These are always withi vy ens ougnsm}
who has ve - ~| quairited with the subject. Jae moved F j yuk wale In easy reach of Ford owners
Hanna as deputy Food Controller for a A nomber of Important chan in | and let them remain in this condition \ —for gasoline oil tire y AN
ths, hast been, appointed ag|that_this town employ a competent |i, cchedulocof al es Bee ta] overnight, then shake out the corn- is ‘ eee? » res, Lepairs, accessories, ex ert advi :
Rp ite PORE a) PP engineer to give them an estimate of | ‘He scliedule.of allowances allotted to en = é : motor adjustments, a 2 AD advice or
his successor. Mr. Hanna, in his Jet what’ the full outlay of the proposed dependents of soldiérs haye been made | starch and you will find your gloves : 3 2
end. Se eee ates Banrciss the improvement.to the*Water systent will re mt Seas committee ofthe | as soft and white ‘as if you bad sent . The cost of F. na ae ‘ ;
. on ee tinue to exercise ue \be, ‘This wal seconded by Mr. Denike. ag ass atriode Fund. them to the cleaver to be cleaned. C ord service 1s as remarkabl low as th stof
7 Soastinn ieatant of his private inter-}| Reeve Brown—"This 1s something ae al ak. see the maxi-! Gasoline is infammable and must not the car itself. Nineteen of the most called f rae
| s esta) ‘The Prime. Miniater jn accepting Wo quail (0 post ourselves ‘on, though ! pastorn Canadas faut raian a | DE Maee ers ere See LAr $5.40. Just compare this with or parts cost only
the resignation éxpressed ‘rogrot that | ¥® do not want to put the town to any | $40 per month ingtend ee SSEiFRaeT nm es dy nal als with the cost of Spare parts for other
the ‘resignation éxpressod rogrot that} 7,9" oxponso than necessary.” He [#40 Per month, instead of $35, aa for- Hod are \ cars and you will realize the advantage of owni
relinquish his duties, and paid a tri- thought that Mr. Dallyn might be able, | 4, 310 within the 1aat which amounts a buts ‘ ae ‘ * 2 , ning a Ford.
nity the ability and davotion fe| Wes talking matters over. with tho| duo to the Incheased sort or Liviog Ri T gee a eren hotel wan talking ot :
g “had brought to the administration of | °OUNCH, to advise us as to what engin. will. matediadi’ welt hehe ee ete aan
ap ae ! ty eer wor could get, and Mr, Crimmins’ materially assist those wives of| pig great abilities4what he bad done. | 2 , Od
shyt motion might better be deferred until plese who-have largo families: whathe could do, and tinisbed up thus: : Runab
+; cc <a after our consultation with Mr. Dallyn. | 414 nother regulation provides that the |! «7 giways co bythe motto, ‘If you : 4 unabout - - $475
TOBACCO FROM HOLLAND - Mr. Crimming agreed with Mr.| ‘ferent branches shall not deduct} vane a thing done well do it your Tour
ARRIVES IN. CANADA|Brown, but further argued in favor ofj%? Per month from the wives of non:| jigen : curing = stb. oe
ind di {neer to get us fig-;Co™missioned Officers with the rank < . y : = ae
wh ' Mens Ghamkn and lacisaavont sit ek the ‘ Re $500, ¥ of sergeant or sergeant-major, as has} “Nonsense:* replied'a man fn tho cor. : ~ : "
© growing scare! ures, even cos c) ; . < . p ie fo3
the ae of higher prices were} would be money well- Wont. He in- besn stone dgghe past. This Js due to| Ber. “Suppose you xvant a hain enti’ ; THE UNIVERSAL CAR: i =
indicated by.the edgerness with which | stanced the first figures given the Bor-|% Uniform ‘scale of separation allow-| 00 0 a= = 2 > : : ; . i
40.tobacco dealers from cities: in the] der Utilities. Commission, the engineer pie haying been adopted for privates Knew All About It. ‘ F. O- | ‘ iF
viricés of Ontario and Quebec crab-|of which first estimated that Windsor | “74 202-commissioned officers. “Did you ever 1bink about owning | Bs ke ae - OB. FORD, ON’ ’ <,
uo 3 , : eats

    
   

  
 

-It is also provided*that there shall wo " agked the.real eatato
Pala Bel set ena | SE uae wor aid on| | S2MP FURNITURE CO
I urned soldiers who are ot “ g d a
“out-pationts': at convalescent homes, | _, ¥¢% 224 I've tried It. too oi tho |. : fod ;

on account of thé subsisten low. | other. it
ance having been raised pee Lee __ Then tho talk drifted into politica,—

to 80 conta per day, Gunday. Aftor Chureh.
—_ ee ‘ a y

IT'S *Mabel—I don’t tint much of the
NOW UP TO FARMERS... | sagt that sermon: father Father—

Effective Campaign WII! be Launched
for Greater Production Following

bod up a distribution that was made
: at the Windsor Hotel {n Montreal, last

= | * week, from a consignment of 52 bales
; : . of Sumatra tobacco which. wos im-] Mr. Bertrand said that lots of our
ted direct from Holland, represent-| people believed in municipal owner-

, an expenditure of a quarter of aiphip. It’s up to the council to get all
million dollars. This was the first day|the Information we can and sce where
from & consignment of 622 balco which} we stand on this matter. “el
4s coming straiglit from Holland us the} Mr. Brown belfevod that the council
ontcorie of noegotictions with the] were all of the same mind, it was only
~ British Government through the Do-|a matter of procedure.” He dfdn't

Should pay $175,000°as its share, This
was later cut down, when a kick find
been made, to $40,000. :

     
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

   
  

  
  
 

   

 

   
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

      
  
  
    
     
    
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
   

 

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
 

Satirday, January 19th.

  
  
   

 

 
 
 
  
      
   
   
   
  
    
    

   
   
      
   

   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

 

    
 
  
  

 

minjon Government, think it, would hurt to Jet Mr. Crim-| for, Gre :
a . min’s, motion stand over until 1o gricuitural Conference i " }
re a council met Mr. Dallyn, after which : gh: tee yrs Ut ee ana | met af per adjournment. All nt
- we will have more information: Hon. Duncan Marshall, Alberta's f 3 whe Mine ft. Iny ; b 1 : $195, RI"
maw | Mr. Wigle suggested that the motion | Minister of Agriculture, who has. re- to Vanthanettel ee eee. ere read | cy Dolphis Cousineau $9.
: ae be left over, as Jt was not -spectfic, wed from a conference at Ottawa |, oA ti § lugs 4d by Mona . Drout » Fred. Sorelie $5;
ee a IN WINTER} tte: mocting str: Datiyn, tho motion int Hon. 7. A. Croarar, and agricul: son [Hiton, that the reavo and. treeswo | Vollans $5, Hilaite Gout Gunn $2,
: bai oe, b \ican-be made if necessary putting in} ‘ral representatives from ail Pro-. f Wa bua RPAH ior ce Gnd. treasurer! Herdman, ¢e re Gerard $6.60, Wr {a
* me : : tha name ‘of some ongineer “we may re chat an n effective campaign ; : “| paane Sn eh ee bor- |“ Carriod. $2, all for road morn oS I
( cones ey bet tps» : iy 0. spring pias “& < : Aue fi ‘
es ‘The motion was amended by adding: |!" Breater production. The chiet| |, Pasetates are ane se
“action to be taken until’ aftery Westions taken up at the conference} — ise :
the Mr.Dalyn”  ~ » «44 Were those of farm help and greater
i -put and car-

Ss

ry Watley "wae then
MONICIPALATY, cing vm.

jusilette, the

King va. Pulford.....:..:

King vs. FPurlette. theft.

King vs, Stewart, murder.

King vs. Brennan, assoult........
oon vs. Baird, false pretense..,..
vs. Thrasher....'....

King ve. Howe, incest “
King Va. Spratt, seduction.........
King vs. Kelsa, thoft.........
King vs. McBride, buggery..

King vs. McGee..
King vs. Camilis
King vs. ‘Hong Hoo.
King vs. Loclatre...
King ve. Peters

BOARD OF AUDIT..
By ay Dronigola,, 2 daya.......0..++
P. Coyle, ‘2 days..... =
phils “Dromgole, 2 days. .
-Goyle, 2 days.....
i ‘0. Feroheile, 2 doys.....
W. P, Coyle, 2 dayg.....-..
. J. O. Dronigole, 2 days. . cs... 0
W: P. Coyle, 2 days..........--

PRISONERS AND LUNATICS.

., for examination of

1917,
2 ‘ Jon. 18
. a» JA, J, Burns, Amherstburg . + 13 W.
..|Henry Odette, Aaibcesoaiy Apr. 18
Ble .|Wimi Poisson, Helle River . 18
Purvis, R:R, No, 1 Ratex Joseph Creeper,B R No.2, Rast July
.|J. H. Madill, ‘Harrow Frank Walton, Harrow, R, R. 2

JR. R. Brett, Essex... |W, D. Beaman, Essex,
sailor. Foster, Ford’ rit F. Foster, Ford .
Gosfield North .,.|Sidney Wyatt, R.R. 1, Cottam) Walter H. Noble, Cottam... |W. H H Neville, Cottam

psfield South uations Scratch, Kingsville ....|\G: W. Coataworth, Kingsvill
Kingeville.... Geo. Jasperson, Kingsville....|Geo Pearse, King irebleailal Satoh Ri

ile: ,:...
ainington ....../Howard Noble, Leamington ..,R. M, Selkirk, 1
Aamington . “Dep|Lewie Smith, Teathngton, aeesinele Be a tees ches Leamington,

mherstburg: .... ; bent r\./A. J. Burna, Apihersth

Ati fare spe Bay Cheering oat ae i aS Mailloux, Amberstea: hg
Relle River ..... [Jere Ducharme, le Lacharite, Bell
Polchester North. [Robert Hart, R-R. 1, Essex tg Hele River
olchester South. .|Chas. Clark, Harrow. Fa
Cc. M. lohnson, Hgsex.....

rACHty s iasscere 5. rouillard, Ford ..
i

se tebetes

o> 00 62 po G0 on Ge ge
SSSSSssE

bs

eet,
lion

J

3
a
airy

 

Malden....... .. |Win, Waldron,RR,1,N. Mald si HowardGibb, RR, 1, N, Malden is Pe natant S28
_|A. Mousseau, B. Ri, S:Woodslee Bd. Mace aE Ey eae Naess are e.8.8

«Alfred Hairs’ ne, Leamington. Tele rate Leamington...

John Moyanban, Windsor ..
F. A. Trepanier, St. Joachim... |G

AN Ballegarttiny Pecuttiseh, R.R.IID.  Reehelenn, Tecumseh. .

John Webster, Paquette Station Jas. McAuliffe, metas,
JC 'C, Chauvin,: Sutherland: .

MMnidstone....
Mersca...
Djibway.......
ochester esse [EA Tellier, St
dwichFost .. |Maurice Revau
with Bast Dep) David Lap)
ndvwich /South ;.
«iwich' West...
Ndwich West Dp| Dolph: -Rocheleau,
ndwich
idwich
bury North ...
‘Tilbury West
Pelee Island :
Valkerville ....
Windsor......

.|Thos. Plant,

Dr. Hoare, Mayor,

TILBURY NORTH. ~

he following officials were appoint-
fat the first meeting of the council:
rk, H. J. Rocheleau, salary $500;
sasurer, Leon Souchereau, salary
h0; Assessor, A. J. Parent, salary
5; Auditors, Ed. Tremblay, A, J.
delle, J..A. Lefaive, $15 each; Board
Health, J. B. Lefaive, Reeve; Dr. M.
larpe, Medical Officer of Health, and

eph Masse, the third member; Sani-
Fy Inspectors, Joseph Lefrancols and
Giroux.

tor EEN

WINDSOR.

Barrister O. BE. Fleming, K. C.,. of
ndsor, received word Sunday night,
this son, Flight Lieutenant Oscar
» Fleming, jr., of the Royal Flying
Drps, arrived in England Saturday.
ati Christmas Lieutenant Fleming

s in Texas, where Canad{fan aviators

p being trained.

After a year spent in the tranches,

‘vate Milton Riddell, son of R. E.

fidell, 11 Church street, Windsor,

is been invalided horao because of

Dunds and sickness. He served at

bres, the Somme, Vimy Ridge and
other engagements,

Little Jean Cockburn, one year and
_months old daughter of Mr. and
3. Joseph Cockburn, 61 Wellington
renue, fell from a high clinir Mon-
y evening and sustained concussion
the brain. Tho child was ‘rushed
the Hotel Dieu, where she died at
46 Tuesday morning.

Word was received Saturday by

bhn Rigby, 88 Aylmer avenue, Wind-

br, that his brother, Sergeant Walter
gby, of the Australian army, had
pen killed th Palectine. muel Rig-
fy, another brother, who .worked “for
he D., B..1. & Wo Ferrey Company,
as killed while cerving with the
fAnadian forces.

seirs: Celina . Renaud, site pissed
way Monday morning at the family

pme, 123 Halk.avenue, is survived by

he widower, Celestin Renaud, one
hughter, Miss. Louise Renaud, who
es at home, and six sons, namely:
inlixte, Arthur, Dalthius, Harvey ond

Deeph, all of Comber, and Alfred, of

hia rely. Mrs| Renavd's foneral ser-

cbs were held in the Assumtpoln

hurch Wednesday morning. .

Mrs! Ezubett Potter, 78-years oid,

ied Sunday night at the home of her

bn, Charles, 8. Potter, manager of the

merican. Auto Trimming,” Co.. “176

Winderwere Road, Walkerville. Death

nade to old age. Mrs. Potter js sdr-

fived by her husband, John A. Potter,

Woodslee ...
. JA. Armstrong, Blytheswood . .
4Der) Emerson Lambier, Leantington
W. Woollatt, Mayor, Walkerville
Joachim
Tecumseh
n, Tecumseh

Loiselleville

Alex. McKee, Sandwich
Dep|Rithard McKee, Sandwich,
J. B. Lefaive, Stoney Poin
W. J. Keck, Staples....
James White, Scudder

Walk

John F. Millen
iW. P. Coyle

Charles Bell ......
John McAuliffe ...

Ernest Lah Loiselleville ~.

, Woodslee nae:

-|Hugh McDowell, Windsor..
Seurxe Sylvester, St Joachim. .

James McAuliffe, Maidstone... .
.|Ferdinand Pare, Loiselleville. i

ic. F. Pequegnot, Sandwich...

7 4 Rocheleau, Stoney, Point! Leon Soucherean, Stoney Point.
.|S. T. Anderson, Comber, .

Wm. Stewart, Pelee Islon
) k Alfred Miers, Walkeryille
..|C. R. Tuson, Mayor, Windsor Stephen Lusted, Windsor.

Boe Nok oe Dunsmore, Strangfield. -

. |George EB. Pegg, Scudder.
Alfreld Mers, Wkerville..----

AJ. R. Thomson, Windsof ----

ESSEX COUNTY OFFICIALS.
AIGY: MGRGG 7 cinatsiee'y arctic sire vive oe

John H. Rodd, B.A......
James S. Laird, P. L. S... +.

Alex. McKee
Wm. H. Waldron
E. F. Drouillard

Auditor ..
Anditor .

+. Solicitor
..-Engtmeer ........+0° ri
Board of Audit

.. Matron H. of R.........-. Leamington
.. Acting Physician H. of R..Leamington

— ESSEX COUNTY COURT OFFICIALS.

J. O. Dromgole. ..

George Smith ...
Cc. N. Anderson. .

«..Senfor Judge. ....

«Junior Judge ........... Vice
rie Oe CIC Sandwich or Windsor

.. Clerk of the Peace and
Crown Attorney

Henry Clay .....:.--.-.s000+- »+e+ese Deputy Clerk of the Crown,

Dr. Joseph O. Reaume
J. O. Dromgole....¢-

Miss Maude Lyons, ...

James Smith ....

Wm. A. Wanless

George Elliott ...

1 B/LeBoeut ...2

W. C. Pepin, M. D.

Clerk of County and Sur-
rogate Courts

Registrar of Deeds.....).
+Local Master ......- 2
- Sandwich
...- Windsor
.. Sandwich
-Sandwich
.Sandwich
. Sandwich

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCILLORS FOR 1918.

Municipality.
Amherstburg

Anderdon ...,..

Belle Rivér’ irk
Colchester North ..
Colehester South =

Essex .

Ford City
Gosfield North .
Gosfield South .
Kingsville ...
Leamington .~
Leamington }.*

gons, Charles. S., of Walkerville; |

¢ N., of Detroit, and two daugh-
pra, Mrs. Harriet G. Colette; Long
sachs) L. 1., and~Mass. Emit Christian- | ©:
an of Walkerville, Burial was made
Pinrsday afternoon in Windsor Grove
pmetery.
uneral services for Paul A. Smith,
Dh of Dr. A, Smith, collector of cus-
at Windsor, who died Wednesday
© lost week in St. Louis, were held
turday morning in St. “Alphonsus
rch, Windsor, with’ burial in- Mt.
iliott cometery, Letroit. Mr. Smith,
eho was manager of the Overland
Motor Company's agency'at St. Louth,
was operated on on Monday for \tonsi-
fitis. ‘Blood-polso! ine set in.and caus-
Jjdeath, Before going to St. Louis
pe was an official of the Detroit Steel
oducts Company. Mr: Smith” was)
B years old. Surviving,-in addition to
ho parents, are ¢wo chilldrén| Jack,
ed four years,.and William, age
Done year. Mr. Smith's wife died last
March.

Cs
* GOSFIELD 1} NORTH.

» The sale at T. Ww. Price's, in. Gos-
eld North, on Tuesday, was attended
by/a large crowd, and oxcellent prices
are obtained.
3400, a two-yeiirold colt $145, cows
from $70 to $119, brood sows from $60
15. Buyers were, present from
bury Bast and Romney townships
‘Kent county, and different parts of
Bisex county. The total proceeds
mre $6,200.
=r Cottam. =

pho infant ‘child of Mr. and Mra.

Reeve

or
Deputy.

Reeve....
Reeve...
Ries 05 vee Reeve...

Reeve...
. -Roeve...
. Reeve...
...E. F. Drouillard..

+. »Reove,

P. O.
Amheratburg

.-Raymond Rocheleau,.Auld R. R. No. 1
-Jere, Ducharme ....-Belle River
-Robert Hart

.Charles Clark ..

-C. M. Johnson...

Name.

... Sidney Wyatt...

sve ee Reova.,
wen ce ee aRGCVE..

. Reeve...
. Deputy. ;
..Reeve...
Reeve...

, Reeve...
. Deputy..

. Judson Scratch...

'_. -Kingaville
- Leamington
«Leamington

..Geo, Jasperson.; .
-Howard Noble,.
-Lewis Smith.....
.Wm. H. Waldron..
-Thomas Plant ....

.Adolphus Armstrong.
-Emerson Lambler...

..Wm. Woollatt.......

.-..Woodalee
Buvieswpgd

Rochost@r .-...+-ps+seees ;.Reove....Ed. Tellfer......
Reeve. ...Maurice- Renaud

Sandwich
Sandwich
Sandwich
Sandwich
Sandwich
Sandwich
Sandwich

Tilbury North ..

Tilbury West

A grey texm brought [-

Deputy..
: Reeve...
.. Reeve...

-Dayvid Lappan..+......
John Webster...
. -C, G, Chauvin..

.. -Deputy...Richard McKee....... ees

Reeve..

-Reeve...

..J, B. Lefatvy:
.W. J. Kec. :

-Stoney Point

Se — ee "Gi
——<——SSS Se ee OG

ld
1 w&

} REE
metsiset Co ©

te
no

ete
aSSSavrara

Hotel Dieu, sk

St. John's industrial School, keep of

4th quarter 1916.
St. Mary's Industrial School, keen ofinmates,

4th quarter, 1916.........
Ontario , Treasury Department, conveyance
of prisonors Nepin clas slate clalelsieinisittje mreniokia#
Deputy Sheriff D'Avignon, to take: prisoners
to. Kingston

Pigeon

St. Mary's Industrial
Alfred

St. John's Industrial School,
Kiwash .

Dr. W. G. Pepin, examining prisoners. 7.

George Sylvester, for examining and convey-
ing lunatic

Ontario Treasury Department, ‘conveyance of
prisoners and lunatics.........- Bie Wwleraceereia. 9

St. John’s Industrial School, for keep of A.
Pigeon .

St. Mary's Industrial School,
Alfred. ...+-+-..«

Victoria Industrial School, “keop of Coulson
and McCormick ....,-..--- NEON GC CORO SD

Dr. W. C. Pepin, examining prioners......

Central Livery, ambulance for removing
Corney from gaol to hospital

St. Mary’s Industrial School, fo rkeep of
Alfred. oie ec cc cece eee en ene ee meets c ence

Victoria Industrial “School, for keep ot
Coulson .

St. John's Industrial School, for keep of A.
Pigeon:

Dr. W. ¢. Peppin, examining prisoners...

Dr. G. R. Cruickshanks, examining lunatics.

St. John’s Industrial’ Scliool, for keep of W.
Ree
Maisonville, conveying W. Roberts to St.
aan Industrial! School....... aa eare 5

R. R. Brett, conveying lunatic

A. Maisonville, taking. boy to Industrial
SCHOO] 2.0... ce ec cere neers rveteses pectatars

J. J. Latam, conveying junatic to asylum...

Ontario’ Treasury Department, conveyance
of prisomers ond lumnties....

C. F. Pequeguot, conveying junatic RG ned .

COUNTY PROPERTY.

keep of Leo

for" ‘keep: of

By Aemo Hardware Co., door check for Court
FROWN Gas ois Siem choi fo ee atauelne)s nia fe ne

A. Chappus, part payment for painting Coun-
cil Chamber

Fred Burnie, for olling Council ehamber
floor .....-

Windsor Hydro “Blectric, lamps..... eb te ote

W. J. Murphy, new closets and repairs to
Court House and Gaol

A. Chappus, in full for painting Council |

Chamber ........nccices sence n nna nerces
Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow, flag for Court
/ House .......5-. SERA P he Sonto obt S
F. E. Burnie, for papering in Gaoler's resi-

dence .

~ Windsor Wall Paper Co. paper for Gaoler’s

residence ~.

Naylor, Qpborne Co. for. doo’
House

W. P. Coyle, refund of frieght on
furniture

A. Lepine, for repairing plaster in Court
FHOUNG! c 2. resect cence nsssewerccess size

C. B. Mason, sewer “and pacement tax

J. Contin, for repairing ree in Court
FHOUSOA 6. occ vce ence ene mene ate esa aceenen

Albert Marco‘t, carpenter’ ‘work. .*

Fred. Burnie, det#rating’ and repairs......

J. Contin,-plastering ...........-ereerereees

Fred, Burnie, decorating...,...,.-

Acme “Hardware: Co., supplies..

Naylor, OF Osborne Co., lumber

ned: Burater decorating’ =

oma Specialty Co., filing cases for Coufity
Clerk .

Barton Netting Co., fixtures

W. J, Douglas, kandeutfs, and revolver

Windsor” Hydro Biectric, ight... ecks

E. ‘Broault, sond, plaster, otc..

Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow, carpet.

Fred. Burnie, baize for Sheriff's desk,

‘A. G: Hutéhinson, sewer pipe...

W. P. Coyle, paid for freight, cartage, ete...

W. M. Walker, repairs to Court House

Barton’ Netting Co., wiring Gnoler’s» resf-
dence sew... ..- Rone

W..M.. Walker, in full “for repairs to Court
House. .

George Elliott, for boiler packing

Smith Bros., repairs to door of the Registry
Office .

Office Specialty Co., for steel attings in the
Gholer’s Off c@, 2... eee e creer nna ee yee

G. N. Harrison,“boiler for geol. see ee Des store

Frejght and cartage on Stieriff's supplies...

Windsor Hydro Blectric, light:

Office Specialty Co., fittings-..-

W. M. Walker, repairs

a. Lazarus, ‘plastering......-. Se

G. Stewart, burlap and painting... {pene

William Woollatt, Gaol Committee. .

Thomas Plant, Gaol Committée..--

Charles B. Whalen, Gaol Committ:*- -

Alex. McKee, Gaol Committee

Richard McKee, Gaol Committee,

W: J. Murphy, pulmbing In Court House...

A, J. puteningen, sewer pipo........02500 i

W.. M. Walker, repairs to ‘Court House. .

C, §." Mason, County tax in Sandwich..

Acie Hardware Co,, painta anid olls

Gas and Bléctric Supply Co., wirine in the
Sheriff's office ......+.+se++seees Sapp von «

COUNTY CONSTABLES.

eS 4417, 56
By A.B, Griff: ...05 eee ee eee e reer tes f Tt )

Bias Wills. ......
Mortimer Wigle .

* Alois ~ Master ...,-;---
Taree Neal eee,

James Pitjon

9 25
80 00

18 60
11 70

336 00
20 00
19-50

i

2 80

bo
25
22
60
14
00
50
40
50
30
00

00

00
60
68
20
96
34

7 26
76 00
26 36
16 21

49 70 %

13 40
22 16
218

AAMAAAAAAA

jh et

ee
2
“|
nt
amit a Cor yaaa

King vs. Davis and Wright

King vs. Gangnon.

King vs. Spinks...

King vs. Rewlins..

King vs. Hilsch... <s 5

Kings ve, Baws. Joos sscesnvaccendemavend

BabhGeeo aime
essessessegss

ey te

CORONERS AND INQUESTS.

By J. S. Labelle, M.D.....,....... Sorts miele :
J¢ EB. Jenner, M.D...<:...- Bee TIC G
Maud Lyons, stenographer

-$ 20 80
‘ 7.40
16 00

C. W. Hoare, M.D., jury re inquest of Pas-

torius

G. G. Little, M.D,, medical witness re Inques
of Pastorius

14 00
6 00

t

R. G. Fleming, Chatham City Treasurer, re-

fund re Shultz inqueat..,.......

C. W. Hoare, M. D., balance es inquest re

Pastorius .
J. S. Labelle, M. D..

C, W.-Hoare, Ms Di. .c..iie...saie Peer sakee
Maud Lyons, taking evidence re inquest of

Qulnn oe. ite ape oe sia gu tig ato ae
J. S. Labelle, M.
J. King, M. D.
W.. J. McKenzie.....
J. Si Labelle, M. D....
L. G, McCabe, M. D:.
-G, G. Little, M. D....
/J. S. Labelle, M. D..:
J. E. Jenner, M. D.
Maud Lyons, taking evidence. .
Dr. King, jury ro inquest of Jenni Williams.

23 00.

2 00
74 30
41 90

10 10
62 560
49 50
70
16 00
AG_00
6 00
86 60
8 20
12 30
16 00
——F #69 60

STATIONERY, BOOKS AND TELEPHONE... :

By Bell Telephone Co,, service at
3275 and 2266.....-......... eee

Maud Lyons, postage.
Newsome & Gilbert, blanks for the ard
Division Court

J, E. D'Avignon, postage and stationery
John Harmon ‘Estate, postage, atc

Echo Printing Co., publishing List: of Con-.

victions ....

Echo Printing Co., blank forms for Second
Division Court

J. F, White, book and ink for the Cour:
Stenographer
United Typewriter Co.,
Court Stenographer’
Bell Telephone Co., service at 453 and: 659.
‘ J. A. McCormick, Stationery. for Court
Maud Lyons, express on stationery
United Typewriter Co., stationery....
Eas a ne Co,; stationery. “3
le elephone Co, for service
ane 3276 . oe =
enry Clay, stationery and supplie
S. R,-Hart & Co., stationery. ay
Maud Lyons, express and stationery. .
Municipal World, books

Bell Telephone Co,, ‘for, service at 652, 659

and °3275

Echo Printing. Co., publishing ‘List of Con-

wae e and blanks
n Typewriter Co,, su lic
Stenographer :;. Ie Court
Echo Printing Co,, publishing List of .Cum-
victions ..... nieete ie
Aulge peoneeles tor
udge Smith, for postage
of = Rone; for pery..\
Anderson, tor postage an atationsry .
Henry Clay, station <i ape
Court Clerk «..--. a

eee vwewedees

Echo Printing Co. bit
victions .. e ehink ee

e ead stationery
stationery...

eee i. ere rer |

$ be
CHARITY.

By Ferdinand Paro, half cost of -
known man .. berving be

MISCELLANEOUS. -

Breault, J. P.. sehome a
eter Deziel’s reward for appr
horse thief, C. Glussbe- 7. cdma a

C. R. Tuson, flowers for Joh
funoral nih SowGex 5 tet» Bacon

.Tgnaco Langlois, 2 menrls......
Tgnaco Langlofa, meals for jury

C.,R. Tuson, funeral wreatt
D'Avignon .....: eae pee eg

J. H. Smart, J. P..

Hy Callwodd, J. P...

A. A, Myers, J. P..

E. Breault, J. ee

Gaol Committee to date

Thomas Plant, ates Cue he %
lor Sid R. crossing at Nay:

onera, etc. ....
BE. Breault, J.P.
A. Miers, JP.
J.-H Smart, J. P,

Sheriff Anderson, atten
Ey Breault, J. P. ding ee

C. R. Tuson, wreath for James, McEwan's

funeral

“tuneral Deke aie sCeip nla a ais70's @ aVna sails pow ak

BE. McGee, ‘alf cont of burying dead bod
wee Pequegnot, half cost of burying Mead

G. costar, half cost of burying ‘dead

verse weee WOOO eee w aban ns nncasees

Respectfully submitted, ,
(Signed) ‘CHAS,

JOHN McAULIFFE, | ~

Sandwich, Ont., January 10th, 1918.

“LEAMINGTON.

tee eewennekenscenenes Areet

oyeesfl....$

$ 26
00

08
00.
14 47

142° 50
50 60
2 40
16 91
14 50
4 50

1 26.
26; 38
96 20
18 81.
158 23
56 22
» 90
9 00:
»20 40
227 26
5 66
161 40
2500
25 00
50 00
60 00

» BE 45

MB

(at nama.63

14 00
20 00

5 00
1 00
14 00
5 00
2 00
2 00°
4 00

~ 8 50
23 30

3 40

713
25 00
16 00
2.00
5 00
19 00

5 00

29°

13 50
27 00 -
2 60

——_—_ 6 22

BELL,
Auditors.

ie

COLCHESTER NO TH.

In order to be able to devote more
time and attention to bis patriotic
work, William T. Gregory has retired

'from the’ position of manager of the there ‘willbe aconcert tierereas.S
Leamington hranch of, the Imperial

ing at New Canaan A. M. EB. 'ch
Tobacco’Co, He has boen succeeded Ghurch ‘opened at “7 o'cloak, a

by his Hrother, Francis Gregory. Mr. ‘to bogin at: 7.80. Musical talent
Gregory denies peraistent: rumors. to! DSrOle: Comal Etna ee
the effect that he is about to accept ‘At tends 2S ss
a Government position. Since. the 6 a meeting:

outbreak of the’ war, he has’ thrown | o72e'S. on Tuesday

himself, heart and soul, into patriotic
work and earned for himself the title
of “godfather” of. threo’ battalions, }:

now overseas, which wore mobilized ox
wera 3 ted. Tho <abpolntaens F ‘| chiefly in EXsex’ Ste wore VicePres., Mra. Jo
tan stenting ou Saucy da | . TN [eo a8, A Nvetone ee the 8th, tho 99th. and the tbat George Muleaston
Imeoting of the North Kideo Dis- [- ieee: : we — ce Tes Hees ee Sh ne of Union Goversment’ wat this ne eae 5
re! J “Trisp to the’ rumor, couptod with a nha My 4
Toronto recently. !

F.. J. Stewart, special watch. 3 12 60
James Pilon, special watch. { 40
James Pillon, jepecial watch... ce 60 00 <
George Meloche, death watch... 67 60
George’ Sparks, death watch...
AB. G
Alois Maaters:
James ‘L. Smith
Alfred Brooker .. :

; Money Sanford......

t maud.....

..L Firman has been/very ill with’
bronchial pneumonia, bat is now con-
falescing.—The village trustees met
on Mo “evening for organizntion,
d elected A. Squire, Inspecting Trus-
and W. H. Noble, Clerk.—William:
mm has-opened a harness store at
Ses of the Imperial Bank, Cottam. | —

Damm and family haye already

prived a Bicol from Chatham.— !
Gosfield North” fate met on Monday |

ind nized*for the year by ap-| }f
po olnting officers. Tho old clerk, treas-
( maaltors. er engineer and Janitor,

A Way to Soften the Hard ruary, 1918;
Water. of the Bath

Get out the LUX. package ur in 3 or 4 ble
spoonfuls into the water and stir a little. The
water immediate becomes’ creamy soft, ie
” yefreshing and very beneficial to the skin. Try it-
to-night. You'll be pleased, well pleased. People

= the water is Scere ard’ ana

 
  
  

A

THE STORE WHERE ‘WAR PRIC, WVOTIPREVAL.

t being advertised ~because

 
  
 

’ 2

It will pay you ‘weil to come to this store every day. We are cleaning out various lines many of which are 20

$ of small quantity in each. Here are a feu of the Bargains. CL ees ge ee

sence. $250 t0 $5 | Blankets for Zero Weather, | ' news Our Stockis Complete | Gents Mead}?

: es ee Miraane feist Unbleaéhed Table Lincns 5c Gents’ Overeoata~Black, | OS to $25
Bijeson, Goats Lan $3.50 to $8.50 peryard ..... ....006: 28c to i Rrown.and Grey, fi

Hace Tae ieee 35e to $3 | com sne.tats Nese. $8 to $25

 

 

    

    
 
     

 

 

 

   

 

    

 

 
   
      
 

 

   
     

   

 
   
  

   

 

Ladies’. Coats in fine quality Curl Cloth and Scotch Blankets, the best all wool qualities, per yard sere. acs. Grey and Navy Blue, from...
Tweeds $6 to $12.50 recommended for Wearing and, washing Gents’ Sweater Coats, Black, Brown, Grey, White
from «.:. partido wenee iz Prices per : 3 ' xe " as §
: pair wc. no 10,00 & $12.00 : Faw, Nay wie $1.00 to 7
‘ i i eo — "
steel Children’s Worsted Sweater Coats in navy, cardi- 5 T ll
fae ie! : Rey nal, gr y, white and khoki $1 to $2. 50 j Plannelette Blankets, firmly woven of selected Ow ngs Gents’ Underwear = 50c to
"Ses ean Wa A) atic? Spel hry ERE eC Piensa take \* :
ea r Ke

   
  

   
  

   

ys cotton, at $ 5 , : from, per ZANINEHts +++
AU TTI — wemen's Sweater Coots cf test wool, in grey, | Pu 1.75 to $3.35 oe LOCO. J0C | ye

| cardinal, white, slate and =;
Srniatensesc~ SLO $6.00 | govtomn $3.90 to $4.00 | ta ........ 5c to$1.00 | COME EARLY

     

 

  
 

 
 

 

     
 
     

 

 
  
      
     
   
      

  
   
    

 
  

BIRTHS.

 

hehehehehe bhbbrbhbbbterbbbdett | cant James McKluley, of Toledo,

 

ipa ee a Ct AEs ele BE

      
  

—4J,-J, Brault is offering for sale a

 
  

  

   
  
  
 
 
   
    
  
  

   
  
  
  
    

   
  
  
   
   

  

     
     

       

         
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
   
    
 
  
   
   
  
   
 

   
  
  
    
  
   
  
 

  

     
   
      
 
 
  
    
      
    
    

 
   

 

 

     

   
 
  
 

     
   

Fi > 2 A] ? y bi S y U a + " aime, Janiary $ ;
¥ THE REAL HOME OF DRIED FRU ITS r oe urfew days in town. » |palr of bob-sleighs and en Enterprise Amlin—in palit ora. Edward :
2 P. t 15e, 20, 25¢ per -ID Miss Pearl Thompson hes been en-| range: . haul Teanion
v7 TU Cee capstone t ot ao 25 per Ib gaged as assistant on the local tele-} —Provincial License Inspector Sny-| pena cin Mallen, Thursday Jenuary #ase
a bd Reaches #- fiir ey RE ero eee |plono exchange. der, of Toronto, was in town on Thurs-| _* 47th, 1918, the wife of Mr Moss Den- j i} ;
4 ' ** Our Breakfast Foods include— | = —Vinson, son Of Louis Pillon, has|/day and laid down stringent rules up hence of a util ah sees F
: + Ralston’s Wheat Food (delicious) ne pkge. 49 Eee very ill the past week, but 18|to which local Hotels must live, or quit! Sat sors, wi Mr Levi Dent, ae
=f = , x E much. better now, - : business. of a daughter, i = : ant
-#4 x Whole W heat EO] OU Teo eas ex ais ars cas een ia Bice: | —Rend Charles Quick's @xtensive} —Mr. and Mrs. Addison K. Walker, | Diemer—In Mafdstone, Wednwsdaye, ore
+ | Cw Graham Flour .... eee e see en terre enees ...45¢ pkge. auction sale advertised in this {ssue.]of Medicine Hat: Alta.,-who have been ary brad, 1018, the ww of Mr. Now that trecholldfy, season is over, it’s a*good
ct + Maple Syrup in bottles and cans. , Sale on Thursday, February 14th. the guests of Mrs. Walker's mother, | pestippe—tn Sandwich South, rrhursiay og) ow e
+ Fay osiartes Alar, wo has eon laid) Mrs, ©. Wright, Bim avenue, Windsor, |” Hird i deus? "8 Ein to go over your house and see what rooms require
ROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont. of. |"? for a couple of weeks with a sprain-}jeft én Tuesday for Florida. Before | oron—m “Leamipgton,  Tuesay, January
| J. H -LOV EG 4 jeg knee, is able to be out.again. returning home they will visit New 2nd, 1918, the. wife of Mn W. S. O1 gy. Then we would be pleased to have you
Ei . = GROCER SPECIALIST. $) —Pte. Lloyd Kemp, of London, {s5|Qrleans and other southern cities. ton, redecorating. hen we ;

—The C, 0. P. ig giving only one | Scraten ci AVE ONT

   
 

ar, 1 wiferal Mr. Win,
leave of absence in town. ry.

     
   
 
 

 

Je bebbitietebietileleteblefeleledey among the local soldiers spending a

comein and see our beautiful new stock of WALL

     

  
  
  
  
    
   

 

       

  
   
      

 

 

  
    
  

 

   

    
  

 

    
 

 

 

 

 

 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
   

  
 
 

 

 

  

: i rth radi i more chanee to those who are palais af K § alls or 4 irs ts Tete 2
Pay S = = =] ? —Last of the season—Hadley Hall) ing the town by-law by dumping ashes | Hines—In Essex, Saturdiy, Jaanary 10th, eee 3 “A ; a “ 5
pa % TOWN AND COUNTY. Wm. Stone, Monday night. }—Dancing 9 till anchatniealnies pa That Broad te ay teas Nee aed ,. the wite of Mr, Ed. Hingg, of 3 PAPERS. You will be better satisfied with.1918- pat-
= 2 3 —The, childrens’ chorus meets on |ing—Stone’'sy Famous—Mondays, Feb-|as fuel will injure many an’ auto next In’ Gosneld North, Sunday, Janu- | a: We willbe delicited ta est ae
Mouday aleht Tuesday and Friday evenings. jruary 4th and 11th—Two: big parties.|summer, if the practice.of paving 1 th, fois, ie wife of Mr. Herb. terns than ever before. e willebe delig. Bi er
‘S qeuadisy Hall, “Monday, ae cet, ia |e DOsehh M. Renaud, employed at J.| —Pte. Howard Bailey, from the Lon-| streets with this kindof material is], “alemo, a pe Nich, Satucday, Jamu- Hig ae ia h :
vie —Mrs. Earle Fox, Ramsay street, W. Gibb'’s feed store, in quite {1. don training camp, spent from Friday not atopped. om = ary. Ifo or Mr, We the samples with you and help give you an idea what is
a seriously ill. = —Mra. A. M. Healey, of Pontiac, }until Monday at his home in Windsor.| —The Deputy Registrar of Western r Mary Jane. af ‘
i —Mrs, Sol. White and daughter |ayicy spent a few days the past week | He was suffering with a severe cold.|Ontario_has his staff again at work suet als BEL tok pane ‘most suitable for your rooms. =>) ES
“! Helen are visiting in Duluth. . ), | With Mrs. John Fraser. He expects to leave for tlie const this| preparing papers calling another lot aia fabuniiteses fe
ab =Mra, Harry Brown, of Cleveland.) _the Patterson Jubilee Singers | week. Of rien tothe: colarsiae Rporteshave {Harper hospital, Didrolt, on” fe ee a ee
| ve is spending a few weeks at Sol-}win put on a high’class entertainment | —Tho Epworth League of Wesley} been cyrrent for sonie days that the Thursday, Junuaty | 2t Pe ele aaa 7
a: Sees - White's. > Wan— |i Wesley church Tuesday, February |chufch will holdva valentine social on} next efll for Western Ontario. men wie boleh fe e ,
. ee —Two big parties—Hadley Ha 12th. |Monday evening, February 11th. Good|'woytd be February 3rd, notwithstand- | Quenneyille—In Tilbury North, Kriday, of
r : Wm. E, Stone. Mondays, February!) —“<Charies Bennett, Niagara Falis, N.| program is being prepared! Refresh-|{ an announcement from Toronto)” | January Sthy. $018) tho are of Mr. of ar OW mi ate
cs 4 4th and 11th. paetaeorethiaetomnl Y., has replaced John Birchell as fire-;ments, Full particulafs will appear i that the date fof the whole Dominion | spar Leer stans gomih, ahursday, +
ae % —Miss Belle Laferte, 0} after visit.| 242 on the Plug; the latter going to | next week's issue. ‘ ~| will be February 10th, January 24th, 1008, the wife ‘ir. ofe < WHEReTERO ONTARIO |
- ie am ey ie Windsor. naa aC mee eae B fell. Sund | —The ‘rise and se oh the ice with} —Word reached here on Monday. ewan Fi wen ratte, Fr fay, January + SOE RS 1. : ye ‘
§ g relatives a * a —Mra, Athanase Barron fell Sunday |the water in the pivef is playing havoc! of the death in Seattlé of Capt. James z Ti) OF MV, Wa Wile SepBestectestoofeateateot Leslectestootertectestostoctectonton! foofe fonfeefenfefonfecfecteclate
| 4 —Mrs, Daniel Wigle, formerly Of] ang fractured her right hip, but is get-| with the ‘piling Pong the ne crt Lanaway, a native, of Woodatock and} Me Cee te " eee Joa bebe heerlen erie Orn One 5) eile e

Ruthven, Momlay, January 24st,
Wo-wilfe of sir. Ezra Wile. of

 

this town, now living In the west, 15 /ting along nicely. Mrs. Barron {9 ‘n with fre Government® fichin.
: } : . Mra. B igh & grounds
the semcat of Mrs. Roy Wigle, this ]hor Sard year: : ie Bob-Lo, As the masses of {ce rise,
ee * week. ote —Next Sunday is St. Blazius Day,|the bir piles are pulled-outsand in
\ —Mr.and..Mrs, reas arter ane and according to the local weather|many cases broken off. re .

babe left Saturdays tor Syracuse, MY. Sharps, this is usually one ofthe cold-| —A large number of teams are em-

c = on-
preter bee a ane rane est days of the year. ployed hauling stong from tho Living-

a former resident of Amherstburg,
For many years he was a captain on
the Great Lakes. ‘Seven years ago,
fdllowing a-shipwreck in © which his
boatwWoundered while conveying coal to
an American port, he was in the Water

  

 

 

belo ehdndnioletetenedotoledotololdedeletbebediinit i
THE STORE OF VALUES : i

 

 

 

       
     

 

TARRIAGES.
Heheteau—uwntbin—At Lolsallovilla R. €.
church, Monday, January 281h,.-1048,

     

 

       

     

      

  

  

     

 

 

Melvin is 2 highly suc- —The banns of Lottie. Boufford, |stone channel spo!l banks to the Gdv-|for ten hours. ‘The exposure resulted by Rey. Fr. Loisselle, Mr, Louis Nene: . ae as {
5 —Prof. A. L. Melvin ts 2 hig ra of | (aushter of Alexis Boufford, aiid-Henry |ornment. Supply Dopot below Amherst-|in a breakdown, and he-never recoy- feau, to Niss Lucy, davienier of Mr.

a sae are ae eet te aes te Elsenhauer, were called for the first|burg, where Capt. C. R. Hackett will| ered his health. He was BS yedrs of Chie tonglomeeta, winusor: PULSE, Bi Your HOSIERY and UNDERWEAR at ;

never haying a pupil fa ag h con- | time in the R, C. church, Sunday, have 2 breakwater built for the De-jage, and {8 survived by two brothers,|, — Januaty 24th, S013, by luv. D. W. Col } :

servatory “examination, and pass’ng | . airs, John Gibb, sr., of Malden; has! partmont of Marine and Fisherice in} Charles Lanaway, superintendent of lins, Mr. Digby Chiek to Miss Edna ‘

‘ with honors and first-class Honors | purchased the Moffatt residence, Ran-|the Spring. the Canada Furniture Manufacturors | pjcp 9: Roe A Ooo oticalat parson / , + i
" twonty-fve/puplls @ycar. held at} *i™ 8venue, and, wil! take possession! —The heads of the various raflway|of Woodstock, and G. B, Lanaway; of | “aga, Harrow, Wednesday. January Cla C § all ave oney, j
—Each Sunday services are held at} a4 soon as the weather moderates. organizations In St, Thomas have been! Seattle, . JOH, £018; by Rev. Dro Musser, Mr, re % }

Sunday

Christ church as follows: 11 —The feed pipe to the waterworks | notified by the officials» of the Pere —Mrs. Elmer Quick, Napier, Middle-

Dudie:

  
 

kes, Supt. Govertment ———

tgchool, 10 am.;-morting service, ation, Harrow, to Mixs

   

    

  
 

  
 
  
 

         

 

   

 

 
   
   
  
  
   

iJ mtal F a am os = i + 4
tower could not stand the extreme| Marquette Railway that the ci 7 c atte Malay rest daughter of Mr W, J. , ‘
wae % am.; Stone Te: 7 Ly A ees fee: cold weather, froze solid: and byrst, fron day will go “nid effect aoe January Aah ee sono in thd Ry, oyna ee 2 m 22 at WATSON'S ‘and PENMAN'S l 50-- a 50
tt Rev HA Wright, BA. «| wnich requires, pumping from the wat-/Canadian division of the P. M. system#iyitish Navy, saying their boat struck {Pe jHeadan Ae Loletlevite, N.C. sk Wogllen Shirts and Drawers «) Lee. JOU T.
ee 4 AH, A » BA. bat-Christ erworks directly on the mains. at once. The new schedule will date}a mine when about a hundred miles by Rev. Er. boise! Mr. StaninyPare
Mtn a —On Tuesday evening next a we A Mrs. D, Cottrell, Dalhousie street, /from January 1st, and. the men will|otit-and sank in about an hour, Twen- to Miss. Florence doing, dauknier SY odin! Vests. 35 d 50 } Rib-¢. h He bi
ay church Parish, Hall, the Rey, H. cy. | Was.taken to Harper hospital, on Wed-|recetye back pay for_this.month om ty-three men were drowned, only ning Of Mr. Straphin Beaudoin, alkcot Ame fe adies, Vests, Cc an iC. | 1) Vashmere hose -
<4 Wricht is giving a eghunp. ae ae nesdiy, for treatment and an oper-|an élght-hour baals, saved; he being ope of the nine, Four pa ei E °F Medium and-Tight winter welxtiz, || Suporlor quality. seanjloas, elth
a accompanied by fifty beautiful lan ah ation. Mrs, @ottrell has not been {nj when things are running smoothly.| Canadiana weré among_those saved. |~_ rae Seay PGs ~— “Fine elastic knit. lon slooves, irango +] doublo heels and toes
views of that country. Japan ie ee robust health for some time. ~ |Monday drifted snow again filled the] They clung ton raft, With the sea DEATHS. + PU sines Aiea drawers !to matel Bix
fi in the pitblie eye of late and this lec:] Fred. Nestor,- “employee of the jcuts. The car leaving Windsor at 7] rolling mountains high, until plcke 1 up ;COs—In -Anderdon, Saturday, January 20¢h, °°

 

ture shoud prove’ very Instriidtive. ' Brunner) Mond, ‘ho sufferod severe 1048, Michoet

 

2.
i

 

tra valuoatcach— | 35¢ to 50c

ja.m, didn't’ reach Amherstburg until) by a trawler. “They were taken to X,peet 4 yoo

 

*—PIANOS—A splendid used square} injyrjes January 7th by A fol from the

 

        

  
  

              
  
  
  

        

 
  
 
 

   

  
 
     
    

    
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
     
   
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
     
   
    
      
   
   
   
  
   
     
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
     

     
  
 
 
   
  

 
        
  

       
     

       
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    

  
 

 

   
   
  
   
   
   

    

 

  

    
   

   
     
  
   
   
    
   

C ps—in 4 anduw, S es hry \y [| Se <==
fit vill’ sell for : < x 2 p.m., and Others were late, but after} Hilland made comfortable. Roy got ia N01 are. Soo chines ne hie ie $5 and dle. | a;
: piano in Al condition, v § concrete tower, Is, making steady pro-/tea the schedule was resumed and hasjoff with a little akin- knocked off lifg $ist yoar or her. age, a = — = = ial L di Y ¢ hm H
$78.50 on easy ‘terms, or a bargain for | rress towards complote recovery. been going along smoothly since. No} knuckles. He is the grandson of Mrs, |Co°KbUrM—in Hotel Dieu, Windsor. Tues. g : . | adies Vashmere Hose.
, cash. Also two fine upright Karn)” _sirs, Douglas H. Terry announces |service at all wag mantajped on the} Jos. Hurris, Rankin Ave,, Amherstburg. a tee uoROR Stan Ladies’ Vests 75c | Pls pare wool: qualigiog 7
ee pianos in first class condition, ‘used Jin, engagement of her daughter’ Anne | \W & L, S. railway, Monday, the} —The informal, dancitig party, held aged 4 year it months, "fe : oe ee
Dut. a short time and takenj in ex-| Marie, to John Russell Millard, To-Jcuts cast of Kingsville and between} in the Hadley Hall, on Monday’ night, |© In Wyandotte, Saturday, Janu- yf. A heavy weltht unlon.qoality, elas. | |
* change 0n Player-Pianos, well eo on ronto,, Major Ist Batt. O.E.F., Prance,!Sesox and Cottam being drifted full.|was a-grand socigl success’,more than}? eat te freer I fe sleeve nil Hatton ee Arial SSS
engy terms or a baygain for cash. Call the niarriage to take place qulotly be-|Thet.ake Shore line was badly handt-|'65 couples being present in gpite of the | Henry—in rantro; y qe modlpm and Jagge sizes, “Also drawers | Vo . a
' and see us, at Brault’s Music Store. bfore Lent. capped by a broken snow plow. travelling conditions,» and “enjoyed 80tn; tyra, wobers entry, mye P michal | Ladies’ Cashmere Hose 4
—The. ‘Chancel Guild” of” Christ)" —4° G Healy,the well-known Wind-|* —A collision on Sandwich atreat be-|themselves to thp #trafns of Stories’ lyacyatc nin dubury, Friday, January 2sin, HY E h vis ee eire Vide.
church entertained thein guests Tues-| aor jawyer, won the Midwinter handt tween the électric car reaching here} music until after 4.00 a.m., The floor see o ta, NPS, THGHs oie Este aged 10 4 ac Cc. | + Pa eecah yale 25 Cts. a
day evening to a very successful and tap at Pinehurst, North Carolina, Pri-|at noon Wedneaday, and Wm. Good-| was never in bett@r shape, and an ox- q » - , d eae ‘
-enjoyable millinery opening. During | gay, on the shoot-off of a tle, at 95,|child’s. team, driven by Fred. Jubeyi-| cellent lunch a. Th =| FOREST the: veering Hosp inens Parrot.) se Ladies’ and Children’ Combination
es were introduced Tov, = a : ' cellent lunch waa sorved. le man Friday, January 1918) Albert rens ombinations.
the evening games y with Dr. AV. W. Vanderhoff; of Wat-| ville, resuited in one 6f the horses have agement {i desiroas of having the pat- Fox, of Leami so: spo ,
and refreshments served. Miss Inez| king N.Y. 7 ing {ts left hind leg broken so badly|rons get to the parties enrller, as the | Jémoau—-in Wiisor, 4 Fine qualities, cotton, union, in pure wool in all wanteéd sizes.
Grant won highest pofnts in. book con) =the Daughters of the Empire sent |that the animal had to be chloroform:| music starts at 9.00 pam. Guests were] ,).,.6))°" pga ets | eee a :
test; prize for»best_ millinery display) the following articles in a bale to the cd: Mr. Jubenville and Charles Brush} present from Detroit, Windsor, Walk- ache . cant Jamies A eae ay s.r
won by P. G. French ie connolation, Canadian Red Cross at Toronto:—29|were driving north in the vicinity offerville, Tecumseh, Sandwich; Essex, forn Amborstburg, | ’ f ,
Rey. Mr, Wright. Proceeds, $12 ids sheets, 42 pillow slips, 744 hander-jthe Rectory. Tho thoroughfares be-| and McGregor, Anderdon, Malden and | yc," 1n sexes Monday oYantare “ie
—Wesley church next Sunday: Un-| chiefs, and are preparing a large Wale|twoen the car track and the line of Colchester Sotth, Some person got th, 1918, Wifi MocCamtrey, ifuatlie + gp rd Cra Ce : ; ¥
fon services at 10.30 a.m. and 7 p.m, of hospital supplies to be shipped this |anow: shoved off the centre is so nor-| the wrong hat from the check room, OOth year of his A % Li
Morning. subject, “The Atonement,” }icoming week. . row that when one°of the horses, be-} which can be exchanged for their own | !OOt! mrt Monee exw 3 AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO :
followed by reception of members and —The Amberstburg hockey team|came frightened a collision could not} by phoning Eccles J. Gatt. ~ dag Esynx “1S Oars i . 3 ‘
sacrament of the Lord's supper, Even-|'drove to Essex Saturday, met the Es-|be avoided. The car turned the team +—-The remains of the lite Rev. F. O, | Protein Watker » Jaquary ce *

 
  

    

   

           
    
  
     
       
  
  
        
    

  

7
x

ing subject, “How Fore-omlination and {sex team and were defeated in a hot|and“slefgh right ‘round and catried| Nichol, who died in Harper hospital, 25th, 1098, Edward-Prottie, agéd'y 36

   
   

 

     
    
 

     
     
 

    

 

  

  
  
    
   
   
   

, * . :- : sar war
Man's Free Will Agree.” Quarterly |4 to.0 game on the local pond. y The |them somo distance, Thursday of last wedi, wore brought | portar—-in Walkerville, Sunday, aanuary —
official board meeting after the even-| game was the-only warm part of tha —At the second annual meeting of| to Amherstburg same evening, and tie th, 1018. SPElizaboth Porter, aged a a
ing service. Methodist school at 11.30} long cold p, which occupied five|the Essex County Wild Life Conserva-| funeral arranfred for Monday, but ow- ars, Se ae Se nO 2

a,m,; Preabyteriaw’school at 2.30 p.m. {hours goMg and four hours coming.. |tion Association, at Jack Miner's, Gos-
—The “Plug” engine left the tracks] © —Prize lists of tne tenth Annual|feld South, Tuesday, tt was buggested

in front of the M. C. R. station, as it|/Corn Show,are being distributed. The |that the meeting urge the provincial
came in at noon Monday, ind made} Show will be Aield-at Chatham on | authorities to adopt the following
considerable headway on the platform | February 12th, 13th, 14th and 1th. AjTesolutions: Prohibit the killing of
before stopping. One of the Brunner, | wider fleld is boing offered in the corn |robins at any time, five-year closed
Mond engines was requisitioned, ‘and exhibition this year. Not only ape|*%€’son for wood-duck;: three-year clos-
succeeded in pulling the Plug back|corn, small grains and grasses inclid-|¢d season for black, grey and fox squir-

into the tracks, but wag unable to]ed, but two clas::> for potatovs have} Tels, continued close-scason for quail,

“ Uift {€ to the rails. The freight cars,|been added, that duck season date™from October

   
    
    
    
      
   
        
   
 

reoteste svoeteston ont
* 1 Majden, Sunday, January 27th + 3 ot : s
ing to“weather conditions it had to be 1918, the infant child of Mr, Fred? | de
postponed until’ Tuesday afternoon, Renaud, aged 6 months, o>
Services were conducted in St. An- |Renaud—In Windsor, Monday, aty 28m. i A
a

Nrs. Cele: , Dead
drews Presbytorian church, of which PS) Geteatin Seeley aged S01:
he had been the beloved pastor for

FA)
- 5
Basex, Saturday, January ALE a
tliree years. The sacréd edifice was

‘ 18, Mrs. James Robinson, aged 3 SALE’ UPON § | 2 - a1 ‘
Batata ete Ay my, wr 2 DOLE UPON SALE {SALE AND’ SALE “AGAIN
of all denominations, and.the services Mary 25rd, 1098, Paul A. Smith, pened 4 GES Gee Guinan
6 aa

were most impressive. The following eral manager Willys-Ovorland ¢ [EQ cy Peer cay

only son of Dr. John A. Smith, Coll

 

       
   
       
      
      

 

 
    
   

oe

  

 

     
    
 
  

jar

     
    
      
  
   
  
 

fe
brother ministers officiated> Rev. H. J In ordér to dispose

 

   
  
    
   
 
   
    
   
    

     
  
    
  
   
  
  

 
         

   

  

    

   

     

q 3 Y Ade a of what we hay. z 5
however, Were spotted, and work) Napoleon Ray, who las been {n|18t to December 3ist, In Southern and|M, Paulin, of Windsor, in charge: Rev. bates a AL mer “Hub Clothing Co,” we will offen Hes mee stock, Snes
went on as. usual. in the evening a|charge of the Working Men's Friend | Southwestern Ontario.. That tho’ kill-| Mr, Melvin, of Walkerville; Rev. H. Saturday, January,| % COST.! : Se goods at prices BELOW
large engine from the main Mne was|sinée {t opened in the Crimming|!ng or taking of muskrats on Federal]Av. Reede, of Comber; Rev. Mr. Camp- SVIlsGH Sein Mela ama od ee |e We'now handle only first quality goods

= brought in and aftor considerable} Block, was called home to Windsor |Government marshes of Point Pelee| bell, of Blytheswood; Rev. A. W. Shep- 20rd, 1918, Mrs Alex, Wisony need |S payee at for Saturday Only—Any cap 4 ee ase
manoouvering was able to get .the| Monday, owing to the. death of his|be prohibited for a.~ period of two| pord,. of Leamington;-. Rev. H._ A. “2.00 years 16 day CTR ¥ have fur lining, . et ee store, 7Sc. All caps »
runaway on the raila-about 9 o'clock. | slater, Mra. Birmingham, and ag he|years; to become effective March 1st,| Wright, rector Christ-c! urch, and Rev. DpARagn —Mn in . ponday, January ¥ y
The usual schedule Was resumed at) Will havescharge of tho estate, pas|1918. Limit one gun per man to.duck|L. W. Reid, Bey ic le church. veure ee TaD, Seed OR | te

 

blinds, = That daily bag limit of 15 be
placed on ducks and a denson kill ré
duced to 100. ‘That & daily bag limit
of three be placed on geese and a sea-
son kill limited to 26. That breeding
of feathered game for domestic eco-
nomic purpose be permitted, with priv-

8,20 Tuesday morning, - | .| given tp his position heré to Mr. Co-
—Charles Odettes had a Micky es-| en's brother-In-law, who will look cf-
cape from o serious fire, Thursday of | ter the store {in Amherstburg for the
“Inst weeks... His” brother-in-law, Mr, | Present. :
Bondy, of Sandwich West, camo in at] —Oflicers were elected as follows at
noon to get a stove, and being In nthe North Essex Conservative Asgo-

34 ‘ r. {ciation meeting in Windsor Saturday:
* Pe nik creak key gee Preaident, Capt. J. Fred. Reid; Vice-|!lege of the markets undér license.
~  to«get the stove, when he didcovered | Pres. Mrs, C. W. Cadwell; Second! —The S. W. & A‘ Blectric Railway
the hall full of smoke. Rushing up, nj Vice, W. J. Murphy; Treasurer, F. M.|‘hanagement deserve credit for the p =jaccept a Ii
well started firo was discovered: on | Allworth; Secretary, J. D. Chick; Asst.| service which has been maintained in} in. vory kindly terms of the honor and it] MEMORIAM. ‘
the floor around the thimble through | S¢c., Margaret Nesbitt. A proper con- | the face of. the worst winter conditions| respect in which their Inte colleague | In fly memory of on dear husband and!
which the coal stovo pipe ran, The|Vention with delegates will be held |for years. After scanning reports} lad been held, and the loss: his buay> Ran ATR Senn. ee
log of a stand had aléo been burned |°2 Monday night, February 18th. It/from all parta of the Province, The| kindly, sympatheti¢ Hfe will be to the /’There {s a spot not fan away wince doar
off, and. @ very few minutes more|0es not look as If service overseas or| Echo has come to the conclusion that|/community, Prayer was offered by

husband and father sioeps,
would, have’ given the fire. a start |Win, the War” will have any place |this railway beat all others to 4t in] Rev. Mr. Campbell, the lessons read | W!0 seemed alive wut yesterday, so teen] 2
hard to overcome. With the pipes and | the program. Whilo no nomination

the timo of getting cara through, aftor,| by Rev. Mr. Wright-ond Rev; Mr. Mel-! tno Nowe we hie ipon: his
_ hydrants frozen, a fire in that neigh-|¥98 mado to oppose Major J. C. Tol-
borhood would entail’: serious loss |™le. M-P.P3 in France, sentiments

fn many cases, battling for hours both|¥in then delivered a most eloquentyand'| © “wither. and decay, Brand ue
at this time. Mr. Odette was insured | Were expressed which indicated that

 

y ¢
During the sérvice, Wm. Manson ren- Death, followed an attack of piicumonia, | °
dered "One Sweetly Solemn Thought,” Surviving him are his wife and two daugii- a

  
  
     
    

A. MORTON FINE ~

tors, Mrs. Loran and Mrs. Sargenty of Bruce
‘ CE BLock 3° ,
Solr , 37, Murray

with fine effect. Rev. A.W.Shopperd’} sichigan, Burial Was in Greent i cemetery
spoke briefly from/ the text, “And .the | Thursday. ~~, etl ire laid
evening and the morning was the first ai oe Aa OG TE y, Jan-
day,” impressing his hearers with the David Mationpy, waManen, ete or 5
thought that Sey intends tliat the er of his BRD ei USICAL,

time we Hve sh ot the sun- he funeral wi held this (Friday) Faro

rina, pie Hon pa aa Re and | Afternoon at 2 ofeloek to the N. ¢. com Pp Prof. A. L. Melvin, teacher of P

A i)
better life of the hbreafter. He spoke | =~ Pe Organ, Hi

   

    
    

         
  
    

   
       
  
     
    
     
    
    
   

       

       
   
   

 

STREET AMHERSTBURG.  ~

iano, | PRIME BEEF - PRIME

   
   
     
    
      
      
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
 
     

     
        

         
      
     

    
       
    

    
     

  
    
  
   
    
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
    
  
  
  
 
 

‘armony and Vocal, wil
mited number of ca

Just received from the antea
ie East—a

Pupils pre, load of prime 2 and 4° year

examinations Ifo for Conservatory| Nicoat ever areaed, for

it desired. For term, burg t
Apply at D. F. Melvin’s store, ; On Sanit tie Inst of week. —

Blow Ve Winds, Public cordint :

Blow yo winter Breezes inspect. t) y. Invitad to ;

While the moter frestes note ste: Heat “‘whethor you) tay,
, ‘.

On my chest a wheeze 1; Tho sto; pate
In my nose a siloaseng i; >» oro with: the good. ate

    
   

 

    
    

     

    
     
      
     

    
    

        
   
  
     
    
   
    

   
    
  
   
   
 
    
  
          
   
 
 
  
    

        
     
  
 
 
  
   
       
     
   
  

    
   

       
 
  
   

      
    
    
  
 
   

my and night, with snow and ice,|impressive eulo, the life”. and | 24! our Jove for him who sleeps benoath
Turing tho ‘first stornr-two weeks ago,| Work of St. Andrews doparted =o Weyer, {ade sawny.
itarn:

 

  
  
   
  

     
    
  
  

   
   
    
    
   

       
  
    

: —His loving Wife and daughtor, ||» ;
4 ferchants Co., with Falla Bros. {Polltics, not win-the-war sentiment will|tie W., E. &L. S. railway, connecting | emphasizing his i { —$—$—$<_ — —— rn emer.) Grip my poor ra SV cerar
. 2 Me ree Dornan, expert drillman, | Tule at the coming Provincial election. | Windsor and PRE fi ah ret modest manlines f ‘sold CARD OF THANKS. Nought my trouble ae : BERTRAND & E
pending four months furlough with} —At a postponed meeting of the|/ Wnt out of business for five days,| manhood and keen in a be wiait Mar tka Gur hits ek 0 ye winter breezes!” CRI alee
Jn Amherstburg. He has directors of tho Aw A. & M. Agricul-| Wille the 8. W. & A. ratlway main:| {hinge that portal tot : sDDOrS for their kindness ang ers at Phone 19, MMING B
: yed for the past four years | tural Soclety financial arrangoments | tied servico of a sort the never-to- di. There 7 dr i its. nth loss of our darting baby, ~ Losr. - “ : ;
* 4 4 Canal_ work. « Last} were made’ for the work of tho year, |beforgotten Saturday, -was -held up the Crperpestinn, lud by. May, , Fiitinr pi AMHERSTE
set «thé United States declared |and 4 motion passed to invite Profes- | Sutay, ‘bit’ succeeded in getting a : . Reld clo ervico ale id.) een a ThE
eat Germany, all.omployees on the | sor Day, Secretary of the Shorthorn |car through at-2 mm: Mohday, ‘much | the benediction, | cor |] leme in ny ind eg ‘

¢ mombers of the National | Breeders" Association, of Toronto, to|to their credit. Fridiw Inst was an-|tege marched to

@ naval work, and as|open the Fair on Wednésday, October | other terror to conducbrs rd motor: t tole : ;
trip to France.on the} 2nd. Committees were appointed to|men. Snow drifted badly inm the}" : nd al} Hid Fon Wish 20. thai
n cruiser, Kaiser | look after the lous departments of | Canard d for a mile and. ‘in b ae ot kindnoss during
Pet aioe ceacmth | Aatateens toe 5 erage : pest a nas

COANE SINSAG Ault.

  

Sent
