   
 
    
  
 
 
 
  

  
 
  
  
  

        
   

ow—
 Ser-
con-
ring
pond

Ts /9

}

EE tht ELE ett poeta ebbeietoblefebedobdebebebebebobedobebeba

7

i ae eth a) ae iL Ls Sele Neely a Oe. © Ore Sr OPM Eee hee peepee enneene

 
  
 

THE OFFICIAL P. ISR OF THE COUNTY

 
 

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO,

 

ERIDAY. MAY 3, 1918,
nd, G

 

  

“Rica stemapeoe Saee Brunner, Mo

, — 3 tite
‘3 FOR GALE—kern.orgun, NS. F. KUF- |

8 OK e-em | ERET. Amnorath
DESONS BANK “22s n=
oA p le I <i ie | Ay é —House. and

6

 

 

 
 
 

 

  

Bos |), ag

    

‘Jot on. Park
Pply ERNEST PINEAU, Amherst-

. CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000 - Aout ice 70 Yards rar carpet. Apply ‘ ;
A General Banking Business Transacted ~ 1164-9. bc. EOS ay rh .

2 ' Fan GALE—42 yards rag carpet, MAS. aa At Our|Warehouses:.
98 Branches in Canada a sre een ne Auld” BO; Phong

: eof ON SALE an ay gS ‘ Amherstburg, Harrow,
CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT ~- Apphy 2 F McGr egor, A rner

 
    
   
  

  
 
 

     
 
  
   

  
   
  

 
   

BANK MONEY ORDERS 2 |” Fon —Ii with barn and three

    

     
 

COFEDADD IAG sIDODLP oes

of jand, A small orehard. MISS M.
VAN. 24 i

a vi 4: FOR GALE—Jiouse and lot on Sanawict

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT. dha gag a ROR RT
; a herstbitg, Ont

- Interest allowed at highest current rate FOR SAL new modern house’ on

   

        
     
 
 
  

 
    
 
  

9 rivee front with all modern improvements,
Lic B. SAMUEL, Manager, _ W. 8. FALLS, Manager, GALE— ern coment block

  
  

acres of "ground.

Kingsville: Branch.

Amhoretburg Branch.

  

 

 

“Maple Lear
ROY RICHRND-

     
  
        
   
    

— soceparosseassosaratnosssaeseniattectaibeavae?

 

use and lot

 

 

 
 
 
  

 

on George Stre
PBIMEAU

AS WE WISH TO

Leghorns, cents for 15. “App
FRED ROSE, h Con,, Malden, a
q th few bushels of carly

Close Out Our po tal ix 1 st fall shoats.“R

FOR SALE—Double carriage
driving

Lumber Business 5 [ii ia a SSN os

either §6x—all registered ’ stock, ‘TH MIN BUILDING AND MACHINE SHOP.

FOX, Harrow, N. N. No, 3, Phone 45 Whichéver way you turn in Amherstburg to-day you see tangible evidence

We offer for the next TENDAYS our entire stock of
> FOR BALE—<Sow and seven pigs three! of new life and pro ess. The ordinary ratepayer of Amherstburg is in re-
weeks /ld. | Apply to CASPER ROSE, a niore in 1918 than he was {n 1917, and he'll ‘beat all

ROUGH and DRESSED LUMBER at Greatly Reduced
F Phone_116-111, tot_48, 6th con Malden. is out. For the reason one has only to glance above

pee, SALE—Sreah cow with calthiy-side= records before the
Prices: ron eater White a | aoe se and see the cut of ‘big Brunner, Mond building, the main one in the plant

   

Rainy Day
Does Come

ah

 
    

 
  

 

    
      
   
  

     
  

   
  
   
  
  

(

We. have all heard of that “rainy day.” Sinces
childhood we have heard of “putting something aside

  

   
  

 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 

for a rainy day.” That rainy day comes very sudden-

    

  

SL a OE

     
   
 

  
 

    
 

 

, aa S DELMORE, Auld P. @.” Phonio'l-being erected at Gordon, adjoining Amherstburg. No wonder industry and
p 1 al 5 ale UM id al > | prosperity stare onein the face in evepy section of this district., ‘The small: ly to some people.
itn : A GALE“ $80 an sore sO rma to | F building is the nust little waiting room und freight office on the S., W. &
; G PADI, ape a ON OUG - | Ay electric raitway gar the Gordon bridge. To ong who has not followed , 3 ?
N. A. HOUGH, Am ic ; ,
; AMHERSTBURG. Hae ne SRARELING 4 ee the development ofthis great industrial plant here, it is almost incredible If you have put something aside, have it)safe in

our bank, Fire can’t burn it, burglars can't steal it.
~ and you can’t lend or spend it So easily.

    
 
 

 

‘ E FOR SALE—HNandsome driving mare four! that only a short ago, the place was almost a deserted field, and dur-
‘ Q coe Co years old, kind, sensible, good nandet mr | ing that. time, the imMense amount of work -could be done to bring all de-
: : { P atraid of automobiles, W. JP “31 velopments to the polit of completion they are now approaching. To the left

s po r of the. pict i ie th te ti fi iich th ts
fF - use and lot on picture may 4 Seen the concrete tower from which the concrete, is
‘OR BALE—2-storey. ho y

“me e Wil ® Pl y i esidence, | aent through se o the various buildings, ‘This is the highest tower of
4 Seymore Street, Chariea Oonk reé ee, 4 a 5 i 4
4s id ! ki Bh QS, GEONGIA BOYLE, Rankin Ave- [its kind in Canada.
Ge B jwuine I | hnson OWS Ce daneeuihure. ——|) <All the several.
EEE Ea | FOR SALE—No.-0 Fane. in: good condl: leo ordinately, and
oon teeta iits, a small kitenon table. | generally known that the Brannér-Mond pay list this year, outside the higher

Our, ine F eu f Plows NAS, “THANK RARD, Ramis Street. officials, amounts. to nearly: $750,000; and that the:purchases in Amherstburg
u L.. “a FOR SALE—Two storey frame: Mouse) jun over ome milion. flollars in addition to that. f
LEE Dat lai ———— ms Sool

    
 

 

  
   
  

   
 
 

 

Be Prepared ‘with a_ bank account:

  
  
  
 

 

dy-organization for production is going on. It. {s not

     

t

    
 

 
  
   

 

   
   
  
  
 

with modern in

     
  

 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 

       
 
   
  
 

  
   
  

: : a new ear, jus lee. l ay - ; ‘ ae ex 3 ee é i
nie Rens} * . ing.town. A bargain, apply MIBS SULLI- |’ “ie Canada Food: Hpurd announces NDERDON. | co 1/44 :
Plow Shears and Repairs also carried for these Bee FOR BALE—Cow 0 years old, fresen Tt ye reba! ane ore = pines a 9 = gs ath : | ' ;
ti very popular lines. of; May; Adams. wagon, 2-inch: tire, good | date on and after whieh {t will be fl-| Read L. Bertrand’ great furniture : bos , we 4 i

3 new; cream separator, food 33 NOW: | Jegal for Ony retail ggpcer to carry on
Apply, BETEN BROOKER, St,, Arnaud Sb, business, “except: ung i!

Amherstburg.
FOR SALE—Gnod big ti 13 the: Food Bouird..

| We-have also a few sets of Single |r mito Palms Si

sale on page 4. *

Program-at Trinity church, . May
Sth, atarts at 8 o'clock p.m.; old. time.
eWosepl Renaud’s son, 7th conces-

 

ier license from

   

 

 

      
 
 

  

prothirg.Brpnch; C. A. CUDDY, Manager .
Herfow'iiatent -  P. T. Clark, Manager.

     
  
     
     

  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
     
    
     
    
  
 
 
 

  
   

Ge : Ses very aE SEY & SON, Phone 164-39, Gata atatia iat officials sion, is aeriously Hy with pngumonia,
‘ i \ a ian, \ hiave sue ed in. arrang: | * your bjt by. attendin eRe :
Harness lejt at attractive prices. aan of —nicngan | Of_CAIMM, Mave suseoded tn arrang | D6. your Dit by. silénding the Red

es i Ae oe fs

gos in before frost, the British comes n an = rm ’

> ntwed. Bride Int. to ‘purchase derdon, May 8th. i

Zed comm utc entire pluitot~Can---NOTIGI—All_.those + “or:

tioh, fOr the pres-|dered corn and have bought elaewhere

Pount, of\the credit! will be held responsible for their ‘or
in dollars... The ar-'der. John Cornwall, Harrow.

 

 

  
  

ada’s cheese, prod

aera ets , a2 or gee ot the
: hw Kiss nf ie el Rhone 09 4 eee eee
fs : . 4 = FOR, GALE—O00d work horse: 1 oné- | ent year The
A Good. Cockshutt 15-dise Dr ill e horse sultivato: A two-horae balrieat's will-bW forty.

cultivator: also ; LY, Park | rangément

 
  

  
 

 

    
  
  
  
  
  
 

   
   
   

      
 
  
  
 
 
    
   
    
 
   
     
 
  
  

 

 

 

  
  

  
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
    
   
    
  

  

was held here on Tuesday night, when
the new conscription regulations were
discussed” and, resolutions of Vigorous

. 4 “yoean \#>certain.mar-| My seed corn isin and I am de-' 5

». FOR SALE CHEAP Ke ee ee =.{ ket for Canad iieca cheése | ae {t. All those who ordered é 8
: : : . For —Fine pony mare, coming | market: prices Wendy fx d, ‘| corn come. and get {t... Also other Y - :

; He orn a ————$—$s— “¥ ~* (parties can imve aN they want. John.| a N thi 1 I h
broken; no Lid * a J ‘ 11. * 2 a * A r G
° , Inquire P. 0. Drawer |, —/This: issv/e- gontal first. pub- | Cornwa: ; 5
A Star Pointer Road Cart Bupryinaaet Da, NA © On| caancot the eta ae teagan | A well altonded ‘meting of tarda Nothing, pleases more than
4 7 wherry plants~

  

P FOR SALE—Si d ; | by-law. ; Ev@ry ratepayer-slould rend
(Nearly New---CHEAP) on ate MO ur 45.80 per 4.000. J.C. | the agreement Ssnotuily wo aa to be

  
  
 

_a nicely painted house.

 

 

  
 
     
 
     
   
  

 
 

: i , Harrow. Phone | able to give’ this important éubjdot an }
; : MURKY, R.A, 1 : independent and intelliigent> ee protest passed, to be forwarded to ~ a
: \ gh; . ' : and guaranteed) ation to thei end that hity vote may. be | the Government. en ip a ee ap
A Good Market W on and Gray op buggy esto por 1000.” Order Guiek.” Apply | cast’ fOr: the best interests. of himsalt |, Oscar Levack, son of Mose Levack, When planning your. spring drivé come
00 0 DAY, Highgate, oF. to” FRANK |Qpd the town. ‘The voto.of¢ the quali. {HO has ‘éen “suffering for a long in and discuss the merits of MARTIN
' ’ : EARLY NEW) ‘ ‘ of Quality iors, Harrow, fied electors wil be taken oj) Tyesday,} “me with & sore leg,"has reached Spe ens :
‘ (BOTH N ¥ “FOR SALE-—Large frame bullaingiat Park | May 28th, , such a‘condition that it is feared the SENOUR 100 PER CENT. ‘i PURE

     
  
    

limb will-have to -be amputatéd~ to
give hin relief. as

“The Quality. Cannera ‘are doubling
the steam and pdwer capacity of their
canning factory Sy installing another
bojlér ‘and engine, soins, to Bax pre-
pared to handle the targe ‘amount of
produce they expect: next. fall:

The summer schedule for services
in the R. C. church is now in force.
Two masses will be sung each Sunday
forenoon, 8.30 and 10 o'clock. There
willbe catechism at 230 and’ vespers |)
at '3.30° o'clock in the. afternoon. — |
. Joseph Cecile's*general store is a

rrA f ad. = Will cut —_——_
AT HALF PRICE Ho. yanc congas or 2 family, a Ponsions being puld) by hee Gans

iQ ‘| adian “Government are, substantially

me < : .
. K —iaing | Migher than those awarded’ in othite
AE mn E HI] Jos Ae Avent countries, nccording: (6 “eyidence’ aub-
me i i wee a s of Mem corner Elm; others Laird Avenue | mitted \to the® speci; committee of

{ :

North. . Beautiful” view of Detrolt River. | the House on* PenBions by Kennetli

oa RC y D d to sult punohaser. : J

Phone 69 Amherstburg Fr RAEI. Phoneo%, Ambursigure. | Archibald, logal @dvisar'to the Board
She eb

FOR A business bargain in Har- | Of Pensions, Commissioners: Accord:
t ; .
| : EW Hand LAUNDRY.

PAINT. Goes further and lasts Jonger
than ‘any other paint. : ria

 
  

     
  
  
   

 

     
    
     
      
      
  
   

    
     
   

| Those who have used it. also recommend
+ 1 NEW-TONE for interior work.

          
    
     
   

roam and confectianery, store; | ing to’his figured {ho rates for total
Seek te ‘reoring OUTAE conainting «oF | disability: in the: Aied countries ate

, Tredzer, ele.; Vemor’s ginger follows: ‘a :
Buller ad. ELGGUGGaL iiss, se aR he Cam. aos deat ue
wu Guu. & ! ance ApBLY XO. HAROLD TURASHER, Haf-}land, $505; France, $240: United

 

A. full line of Paints, Oils,

 

  

t

 
  
    

     
     
   
     
   
   
  
 

  
 

 

      
  
   
 

   

   
  

 
  
 
 
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

  
           

     

  
   
  
  
   
   
  
 

 
 
  
 
 
 
  

 

  

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

          
  

  

  
 
  

 

    
 

! innit Tow, Ont ________ | States, $3607 Fiaty, $2497 5 pe get
f FON GALE—Iloaloy rea a Pilea . very busy place and he is: well satis- R
t : Fs Supplies Set: Sora; double, parlor, tecoptieyl " dountyv:ea.. == fled with the, reception. given ‘him. by Glass, Pu ’ Etc.
t : l attention f/ hall. dining: room and kitchens tree Ded.) COUNTY GOUNCIL CALLED, ~}the: purchasing public. Mr. Cacite : d :
+ Corner Richmgitd and Sandwich Orders will receive promp et of rg ae fare Pine nae : — | hds salao been’ appointed ‘postmaster | .
{ Streets, Amherstburg, Ont. A. WM. AIKMAN |e" ata papered Vhroughout. fruniaro, 46 iha a Ry gee ne Gegnty {s call-|at McGregor, in succession to Mr. — ‘
t., All ae Called for ond de- Phono 18 {nd Floor Hough Block foot say, a Pee eed ‘ ore i“ Friday, May ord, at eae voi Sain do ee : Cc Har dw :
eEeSeSaSqjjjo_ . sy | : 1 : star a
+ livere : : y i nee “dnsider a grant to, the |the Malden Dramatic Club, & promin- i s i i ; :
4 + We gunranteo good work in gree eA MisSSULLIVAN'SREALESTATEA Y. M.'C, A.-fop the soldiers at-tho| ont gentleman remarked: “The bent -T : = ir | = 9° Be Et :
- all ree eine t€zback : a : Phone 208, gerne eee ake ss ener basins, Officers of ora saw”. Come-and’see for your a RS ce is Surana, ra ARIO. 98
not gutted,” j > > >.) "p6ir SALE—C acres; $y 4 iB SS and other prominent | solv. ¢ Patrons” Hall? Sth: P; me AMHERSTR | ‘
# and wo will-do'it over again. a ; ot Ae toot nek SLLIVAY eee bersIwuree men of Windsor will. eddenas the Bacdedn iisrRaE ok neice: re a ee ace URS, ONT. aaree
°f ' a | SD ; ; ABBEY, Py se kat 2: : CouhtyChancli at 11 am. _Raymond Meloche, who: lost’ $200 | ° : a : s . en
+ LEE HENG. LEE CHONG +} , ~ FOR GALE—Carpe hose in own: rst | ; | Inst, week, “did, not; have. to. pay, the, Sik iC !
Festi OS ee Se eae ee L TVA aunuerate [ WILLBE SMALL CROP. ~ | $25 reward jforsdts. recovery, as. he ; :
iid Salat dedi edad > : enoap. Appin MAE : hae ag ne EN Os found: the roll: himself. near ‘his “Own | April 28rd, at 10 o'clock at St. Joseph's P. McCallum will occupy the
ese ee ar SALE—inrgo fot on Park Sireot cam\| 1M 4 Spngon whon ‘bread {g—mora | home.--Mr* Meloche was ae that he} church, . Lolselleyilie. | Rev. Father plate. of. St.*Andréwn ‘church, morn
1 ee mA Tor Ohe Mbndred Dollars cash, | urgently demanded than at-any time |hadTost it In Amherstburg, buf auch | Loiselle | performed the ceremony, | ing and ovening, next Sunday, >.
TENDERS 7: e if sold. avonce. ~Apply to MARY SULLIVAN. | in the Mfe of the presént generation. | was. riot the cise, © . ~ | which was ~colebrated with) a high} +~Mrs. Jack Maloney, of Datro
ie Sets CPG EAEAI “Kinds oko and 100; [OD'NG In tuced by the prospect ut| The Malden’.Dramatle  Ci@0m—mi} mas, the churen, having. been: spec-| rendered’“Abide with’ Me” very sw
roma RO Rewer” v ache manus InvAnderton, Mekien-anacole | 2 SiAllext yield of fille wheat thet} prosent. thoir famous entertainment, | lilly decorated in brown and’ gold for’ iis at he Osdlaliows! church sebyl
‘ = 8 - cheater. South:. beraait jM.-SULLI- Occlirred with the. ; “The Wa "and “The Persecut- | the occasion. ‘The bride was charming | in Christ church, Sunda
ene eZ ST VAN. Phowe. 206, Amborsthuew. =» i Inst Ted Dut in the ‘Patrons’ Hall} ‘nm a delicate flesh” georgette crepe |; «
B R I DG E Sc 4 (FOR SALE The Gorge Fosor Turm of | unfAvorable conditions, -:W J on. Wednesday. ovening, May. ress. with bead: trimming, with bre
py. is aera ania trom AMnorstinwy: food house and | 6% than-th6 ayorage, and. a greut {interests of Red Cross andor coat and a road, ,
oa po s tints. ¥ pay. i Ni , D pices of te: Church Wo! Drin- to match ec
~ 9 hZALED TENDERS. marked “Tenders ror] a 2 4 eta at : reat, {singe ch tise ees es Noa and erijo
Briaxes,” wilt be racelWed upto |) Toate frontage, 143) feos open: sit MU Cin 7 - as ‘ Bora ar hey

 

 

  

SATURDAY, JUNE 16th, 1018 | § lena ea, yoni, Fett “and
Oh ton ot twa theta ( H

88M | ma Le apo pees ‘ M: Faaneelcnen
¥

St. Margaret's,

—I. H, Dentke wis ‘confined to the
house for 4 few divs with a heavy
cold. a? wai ee

—Mrs. Greenfield of Detroit, has
been the guest of hi aunt, Mrs. C. H.
Kemp, ce ,

—Miss Wynona toddy

returned to
Tsranto, last weok,

" after a month’s hol@ay.at home.

Providence, ‘R. L—“I was all

down in health, was nervous, had head-.
back

time,

ana ee id
weight ‘ee
recommend Lydia i
table Compound to woman who is
suffering as I was.’’— Mrs. ADELINE B.
Lyncu, 100 Plain St., Providence, R. 1.
Backache and nervousness are symp-
toms or nn OS ane which in-
dicate a ice or an
unhealthy condition which often devel-
ops into a more serious.ailment.
Women in this condition should not
along without help, but
ynch’s experiénce, and

«I gained in
ine, so I can honestly
Pinkham’s Vege-

Seg 2 - d
rofit rs.
i REtatfgiious root and herb remedy,
mae Sane Vegetable oe
and—: or special advice wri
dia E. Pinkham Med.Co., Lynn, Mass.

TOWN aND COUNTY.

—Jerry- Mailloux and family have
moved to their farm in Tilbury North.”
—Thbury Times.

—Drastic orders, restricting the
hoarding of sugar, were issued by
Canada’s Food Board at Ottawa Fri-
day, providing thot any person, other
than a dealer or manufacturer, hav-
ing on hfs premises more cane sugar
than is sufficient for fifteen days* sup-
ply, unless he Hves more than two
miles from a licensed dealer, shall
be liable to a fine of from $100 to
$1000 or three months imprisonment
and any excess over prescribed am-
ount may be seizec and forfeited.

—The Canada Food Board has is-
sued a request that farmers or others
having define information that any
dealer in feeding’ stuffs who has been
insisting on the purchase of flour as a
condition for the shipment of bran
and shorts should  notfy the Food
Board at’ once, giving as much detail
as possible, The request adds that all
such cases will be thoroughly investi-
gated, and if the information {s found
to be authentic, the guilty: dealers‘
license will be cancelled.

—E. A. Ball, of Brantford, recelved
Official notice that he had been -ap-
pointed Superintendént of Registrars
understhe new Registration Act of the
21 electoral districts.comprised in the
following counties: Essex, Kent, Lamb-
ton, Middlesex, Elgin, Norfolk, Ox-
dord, Brant, Haldimand,. Welland and
Wentworth. He opened an officé.on
Brantford and steps are now being
taken to appoint a registrar for each
electoral riding for the purpose of
enforcing the-act. It is likely that
registration will take place on Saturs
day, June 16th or 22nd, to allow of
schools being used fore*¥égistration
purposes.

—When ‘anyone comes to. town
grasp him by the hand and tell him
what bright prospects the town has.
Don't stand around lIike a lot of
dressed up dummies before a cloth-
dng store and wear long faces with
gloomy looks and see only the dark
“aide of things. Above all, don’t go
whining around and make a shadow
on the bluest sky. If you really have
not the heart torspeak a cheery word
of lend your influence in behalf of
your town, for mercy, sake hide your-
self when strangers come-to visit us.

—iieutenant Harold* Gatfleld, son
of Wiliam N. Gatfleld, of Sandwich,
has arrived in England. Lieutenant
Gatfleld’ recently left Canada with a
unit of the British Royal Flying Corps.

—The Canadian Militi Department
has abindoned the plan to provide e¥-
ery returned soldier with ‘a ready-
made sult ‘of clothes. Each veteran,
instead of being compelled to wear
clothing of standardized make, which
would cost the Government aproxim-
ately $14 a sult,will be giyen a sum
of money to purchase clothing of his
own choice.

—By an order issued by the Can-!
ada Food Board Saturday all flour,
made wholly or in part from wheat,
{5.piaced under restriction similar to!
those imposed Friday on sugar hold-;
Ings. No person Hving two miles or
less froma Iitensed dealer mny“hold
& supply longer’ than {fs necessary for
fifteen days’ consumption, Two to 56
Miles, 30 days; 5 to 10 miles, 60 days;
“over 10 miles 120 days. On and after
May 1st it will be illegal to feed mill-
ing wheat or ‘any other. prdducts
thereof, <except .bran and shorts, to
live stock, poultry, efo. Denlersa are
also restfucted in their hdldings.
Fines of $100 to $1,000 and three
months’ imprisonment are provided
Yer infractions.

ehbbbrinet

an

‘Seed. Early and Late Potatoes. Pratt's

ist
id

Judge Coughlin las ‘reserved judg-
ment in a rather important seed grain
case at Chatiiam, ©. Lees is Sufng P.
Newkirk, claiming that he seed corn
did not, germinate. A great. deal of
evidence Was sn\bmitted on both
sides. Some twelve or fifteen other
cases hang on the verdict in this-case.

—In connection with the new-order-
in-councll forbidding the hoarding of
flour, it must be romenbered that any
person holding or baving under his
control flour made wholly| or {in part
from wheat, in quantities greater
than are provided in the order, must
forthwith return such flour to the
miller or dealer. from whom it was
purchased, and such miller or dealer
must accept, if ft be in good condi-
tion, and pay for it at the purchase
price or the market price.of April
20th, 1918, whichever be the lower,
All millers or dealers failing to pur-
chase such flour when its return is
offered are required to report the facts
and circumstances to the Canada Food
Board at once.

—The Windsor Record had the fol-
lowing Interesting local one evening
Jast week: “A. Addison, ex-chief of
police of Amherstburg, now living at
Otterville, was in town Wednesday
attending the funeral of the late
Magistrate Leggatt.” Mr. Addison will
be remembered as a real fellow while

‘a resident of Amherstburg;

—Under a schedule adopted by the
Lake Carriers’ Assoctation, chief en-
gineers of Class A and B steamers
will be paid at the rate of $3,036 a
season for twelve months, Class C
engineers will receive $2,783 for 11

Class D, $2,°30 for 10 months

s’ E will be paid for actual
time worked at the rate of $236 a
month on steamers over 2,100 tons,

—Passenger and freight service
over the Lake Erie route between De-
troit and Buffalo will be opened by
the Detroit & Cleveland Navigation
Co.’s steamer City of Detroit ITT, Mon-
day, May 6th, The City of Cleve-
land IL, leaving Detroit the afternoon
of the following day, at “which time
the City of Detroit Ill will start from
Buffalo On the return trip, will com-
plete regular daily service etich way.

—Detroit will play an important
part in the building of 66 ships which
must be delivered to the Government
not later than August, 1919. The con-
tract for the ships has been awarded
the-American Shipbuilding Company,
of which the Detrojt Shipbuilding Co.
{s a subsidiary, and every facility of
the local company’s yards at the, foot
of Orleans street and iat the Wyan-
dotte ways will be used to hasten the
work.

—That Canadian workingmen can
ciltivate their war gardens Sundays
without fear of pragecution by the
Lord’s Day Alliance, Whose “vigilance”
prévents Detrolt newspapers being
sold in the border cities Sundays, was
said Saturday by Chief of Police Elias
Wills, of Windsor. Prosecutions cam
only be made against persons follow-
ing their “usual “occupations” Sun-
days, by permission of. the Attorney:
General of Ontario.

—Wholesale violation of the .Cian-
adian, fqgod regulations were uncover-
ed Saturday morning when  tihree
automobiles, sald to be owned by De-
troit men, although the Windsor cus-
toms. authorities refused to disclose
their nomes, were seized at Brantford)
They. were loaded with flour and
sugar. The export of the latter-com-
modity from the Dominion is prolibit-
ed, According tothe customs offic-
lais, the owners of the’ automobiles
admitted they had been engaged in
smuggling sugar into the Umitead
States by way of Windsor and Waller-
ville ferries for more than a year. Tire
penalty for taking sugar from tine
Dominion without a permit from tine
Canadian Government as $1,000 amd
six months’ imprisonment. Three
months ago many Detroiters, were held

up at the Windsor ferry dock by mill-,

tary police betause they carried par-
cels_of sugar, which were ordered re-
turned to Windsor stores where {t
was purchased. .

—Acting on the recommendation of
the Deputy Minister of Highways, the
Government is now going to bring into
operation by proclamation at _pres-
ent the clause inthe Ontario Highway:
Act prohibiting the carrying on motor-
cars of any lighting device with @
blinding glare. W. A. McLean report-
ed ‘to the Minister, Hon. F. G. Mac-
diarmid, that technicalities would
mike the enforcement”of the Inw dif-
fleult, The provision which waa in-
corporated in the statutes {s based
on “laws “4n several of the States.
“Mere observation will not fix a
standard of, glarewhich the courts
could properly enforce,” reported Mr.
McLean. “A’testing floor with trained
meéen- using special — jight-mensuring
equipment would be necessary to
procure evidence to convict. The
Present tentative adoption of the
statute has drawn attention to the
matter, however, and a large propor-
Uon of the-car owners, seeking to
avofd the use of offensive lights, have
procured lenses and other~ devices
which.moderates the glare; so that the
difficulty, is largely curing itself.”

SELECTE sta
Early Seed Potatoes
; and
E ~ Eating Potatoes.
ie of Flower Seeds. . The best

Secure Seed and Domestic —
‘Fire Brick; Flue Link Hard

‘Barrel Galt. al
Spices

BED |

| the springtimo of tho year, should try

—W. W. Trimble returned on-
day from spending a month in the
Northwest.

—John Skelly, of the Mullen Coal
office, spent the week-end at his home
in Cleveland, Ohio. :

John Gant is able to look aft
his barber business again after
serious sfege of filiness.

—Charles Y.: Dixon was elected
president of the Detroit Engineering

society at its annual meeting’ in the

Detroit Board of Commerce Saturday
night.. Other officers named were:—
Firse Vice-President, D. J. Sterrett;
Second Viée-Prestdent, F. H. Davis;
Secretary-Treasurer, D. V. William-
son.

—Joseph DeGranpre and Harry C.
Malsonville, Windsor, were added os
defendants In the Fallon vs. Janisse
slander action by order of Juatice
Lennox at the weekly High Court,
Toronto, on Saturday. The action
brought by Bishop Fallon developed
out of; the recent trouble at Ford
City, when objection was made to
Father Laurendean, of London, taking
charge of the parish. DeGranpre and
Majsonyille are alleged to have draft-
ed and published the etter upop
which the action is founded.

—All persons mannfacturing ice
cream, candy, cake, crackers, biscuits,
pastries, confectionery, ‘ice cream
cones or chewing gum in Canada for
Sale must secure a confectioners’ lic-
ense from the Canada. Food Board
On and after June 1st, 1918, it will be
iNegal for any persons to manufac-
ture in Canada, for sale, any of these
products withont having first secured
such w license. A. confectioner’s lic-
ense will not be required by persons
holding a baker's license or a public
eating license from the Food Board,
but the rules and regulations govern-
ing*the manufacture of the products
enumerated will be applicable to and
will govern bakers and confectioners.
The annual license fees range from
a minimum of $2.00 when the
value does not exceed $5,000
per annum; to $5.00 on an-
nual sales up to $10,000, $10 when the
amount sold does not exceed’ $50,000,
$20 when .the annual sales do not
exceed $100,000, and $10 for each ad-
ditional $50,000 or fraction théreof of
the annual value sold. Commencing
with June 1st, and monthly thereafter,

every licensee must file a sworn state

ment showing the quantity of sugar
used Sy him in the manufacture of
candy. Licensees are forbidden to de-
stroy any food or food product fit for
human censumption, or -knowingly.
permit waste, or wilfully permit de-
terloration™in~ connection with the
storage of sale of any food products.
The license number from the Canada
Food Board must appear on every
letter head, contract, acceptance of
order, invoice, price list, quotation
issued and advertisement,
--

1. 0, D. E. CARD PARTY.

The second of the series of card
parties» was held at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Delisle, Sandwich St., Friday
evening, April 26th, Success crowned
the efforts of the ladies who worked
so hard during the past ten days, A
reception was held in the afternoon
in the two largé*north rooms, lunch
being served from four to six, the
other rooms being reserved for cards,
the prize being won ‘by Mrs; Duke,
who kindly gave it to the Chapter, to
be used again. In the cvening the
house was devoted to cards, -“500”
being the .game played, the whole
thirty tables ‘being filled. Playing
continued till eleven o'clock, after
which lunch was served and prizes
distributed to the lucky ones, the
wjoners/being: Ladies'—Mrs. Teeter,
M Foftd; Mrs. Abbott; gentlemen’s—
, Stancliffe, Capt. Dave’ Hackett,
Mr. Bender. Prizes were donated ‘by
Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs, Aikman, Mrs, J.
H. Pettypiece,. Mrs. F.. Park, .Mrs.
Kelly. The Daughters are: deeply in-
debted to Mr, and Mrs. Delisle for
the hospitality always’ shown the
Chapter by this estimable couple, their
home being turned over to Red Cross
work all winter, the I. O. D. E. imeet-
ing there every, Thursday afternoon,
turning out large bales of hospital
supplies. Although Uncle Sam claims
them as_his very own, the Daughters
of che Empire are trppy to connt
them friends of the IL O. D. E. and
most ardent Red Cross workers.

THIEVES BURY AUTO,

Somewhat out of the ordinary in
making away witli stolen cars was the
method of Springfield, Mass., thieves
who buried a car jn a lonely wooded
spot not far from the state line. Boys
passing, discovered what appeared to
be a newly made grave and notified
the police, who when they. dug a short
time, uncovered. a windshield, The
car bore # Massachusetts license.

At Sherbrooke, Que.; moving picture
houses will have to close on Sundays.
Two proprietors were fined $20 each
on charges laid by the Lord’s Day Al-
lance,

British Columbia  byeelection in
Chilliwack, made necéssary by the ac-
ceptance of the portfolio of agricul-
auce by E. D. Barrow, will be held on
May 10th.

“Red - blooded men of courage are om.
the ‘firing line—and there are many
antmic, wenk, @iscouraged’ men: and’
women left at home: “aa
At this time of the year most: people
suffer from a condition often called
‘Spring Fever. “They feel tired, worn
out, before tho day is half thra. They
may have frequent headaches and
eometimes “ pimply” or pale skin.
Bloodless people, thin, anemic people,
those with pale+chooks and lips, who
na & poor appetite and fee) that
red, worn or feverish condition in

the te! tonic powers of a good
alterative and blood purifier.’ Sach s
one is extracted from Bléod Golden

=

| tawa, was. a

PASS SRSZASSSSSASASSESAS

\IN- MEMORIAM.

“None knew her but to love her;
None named her but to praise her.
God rest her beautiful sou).

Truly may the above words be ap-
plied to Mrs. Lambert Bertrand, whom
death claimed on the 14th ult. at her
home on Murray street.

Not as an avenger did the Great
Reaper come, ‘but as an angel—an
angel of sorrow in truth to the living
ones, who sorely mourn their: great
loss, ‘but an angel of peace and ‘diiss
as vividly personated by the regretted
deceased. The friendly smiles so lay-
ishly bestowed on all who canie in con-
tact with the lovable lady during her
life, lingered on her beautiful face as
she lay cold in death. To the hosts
of friends from far and near who came
to pay their tribute of respect, love
and sympathy death seqmed like a
gentle sleep, How peaceful!. How
beautiful! were the oft’ repeated
words uttered.

Mra. Bertrand was a bright woman
and a leader in every charitable work
in behalf of her chiirch. Alma Mater
in Philanthropy, the afflicted and the
needy found their way straight to her
heart, Charity in word and deed was
the keynote of the deceased's noble
character—the beacon light which led
her onward and upwards in the path
of life until the goal—Heaven, was
reached.

In poor health for several years,
Mrs. Bertrand’s-wondrous vitality and
sunshining disposition effectively cor-
responded to the expert medicab care
of Doctor Teeter when that of many
clever physicians failed. On Sunday,
the 14th ult, only seven days after
the deceased had been confined to her
bed, .medicai skill could no longer
ward off the fatal blow. All that Jove
and money could give was -profusedly
bestowed on the loved departed one,
by “her.fond husband, | whose -grief is
most intense, -Arrayed in a pale
mauve, silk gown, .reposing in a
mahogany couch casket covered with
silk mauve velvet, surrounded by a
Wealth of most beautiful flowers, the
mortal. remains lay in state until. the
funeral, Spiritual bouquets, mass offer-
ingy were most.numerous. From far and
near messages of sympathy pdured in;
relatives and friends, rich and poor
paid their last tribute of esteem ‘and
gratefulness. “The funeral was’ one of
the largest held in St. John the Bap-
tist R. C. church.*

Among the distinguished persons in
attendince were Mother Martin of the
Ascension, Provincial Superior of the
Sisters of the Holy Names in Ontario;
\Sister M. Zenon; Superior of St. Jos-
oph’s Academy; Sister M. Celinie; Su-
perior of St.’ Joseph's. convent, Lols-
ellevilld, and Sister M. of Jestis, of St.)
Mary's Academy, ’ Windgor. The
chureh services. were more like a
great’ Holy Day. celebration than a
requiem. Solemn, mass was celebrate
by Rev. Father V. I. Donnelly, ‘Deaca!
Rev. Father Ryan, and Sub-Deacon
Rev. Father Kennedy. The officiat-
ing clergymen’ wore white and gold
vestments, the altars decked, numor-
ous electric jets dnd candles stione
Uke stars—all illustrated a triumphal
entry into heaven, not a burial in the
cold ground:

O death! where fs thy victory?
O gtave! where is thy sting?

P. Ouellette, organist of St.- Al-
phonsus’ church, Windsor, and former
director of St. John Baptist’s choir
here (of which Mra. Bertrand had
been many years_a member) sang in
his ‘beautiful rich ‘voice several solos,
among wh{ch was an O Salutaris. A.
J. Burns rendgred the -hymn “Thy?
Will be Done” in a very touching man-
ner. ; is

The funeral directors were the well
known and co! tent W..S. Sutton,

of Windsor, and E. DeRosier, of De-
troit.

Mrs. Bertrand. leayes to mourn hor}:

loss two brothers, John, of Detroit;,
and .Frank, of Seattle, Wash; Sister
Anne of Jesus, of St. Joseph's Acnd-

:

i

emy. Amherstburg; Sister M. Loretta, |'

of Cohoos, N. ¥.;, Mrs. M. T. Ontes,
of Detroit. Shé'{s also survived by
two half sisters, Mrs. John Mclean
and Mrs, Ale: er Bertrand, also of
Amherstburg. : :
A Lifelong Loving. Friend.
oe

St. Catharies
Chest Club, to be’ the sole organiza-
Uon for war rellef-work.  —

Loulé Morano, who, according to
the policd has Be i
thefts from chur
Baltimore, Det

on a charge ot
Mary's church p

‘has formed the War}

en accused \ of] T
poor boxes in|
t, Montreal and Ot- i

Hebei ebetete nine oietebotototetetedeteteteteiiebititt

PETTYPIEGES, . LIMITED

“Sold In Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co.

Afternoon Dresses

"For Women and Misses to

419"

$25 and $35 Values

f.
The fashion, for draped, peg-top and tunic of
fects is fully interpreted. Some are penta
broldered; others braided and trimmed wit
buttons, Many have dainty Georgette Crepe or
Satin collars. Made of Taffeta, Crepe de Chine

and Georgette Crepe combination. Colors in-
clude eyery preferred shade.
KORNEA WOODWARD & STATE

BS
MO CONMECTION WITH ANY OTHER STORE

®

“Where Fashion Holgus”
SSS
MAIL
INQUIRIES
SOLICITED
7 | pees ce DETROIT
PS

cee
esl

~ HARROW LUMBER YARD.

We have the material and give satisfaction, The old saying
applies to this, “The proof of the pudding is in the eating,
We have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver. Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor-
ing of all kinds of Hardwood.
We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all
kinds of Moulding required in building a house,
Wo do ail kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and will
be pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large
or small, ss

|
| |

C.F. SMITH,

HARROW,

 

ole

Peter

She

It you want a base-
ment excavated, sewer
connection put. in, wat-
erworks ‘repaired, see
us. Phone 178.

‘
7

PETTYPIECES, LIMITED

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

 

OTHERS BREAD

Government War-Standard Flour

ma
Equally as nutritiows. and appetizing as the best
loaf ofsbread.ever made from high patent flour.
One-trial will convince you.

ASK YOUR GR

,)

PEE EEE teeters 4+ GVIUYE SYSHLOW PERE EE EE EE TEES tt et

a

31-37 Salter Ave

For sale. In Amherstburg at J. H. Love
Son's, G. F. Girardin’s, A. J. Burns’ and Bilas Allen's:

G. T. Florey @

and G. Langle & Son. ° in McGregor by Beuglet Bros,

|Sold for Cash Only.

P. S—Do' not waste bread, every ounce is needed.

shrkclrbeedesecedededetebetetedetentitnt deeded -

iry, * "used forthe te
oeraction of teath. Dain!

‘OMice bours:—0 a.m, to 12; 1:30 to 6.39 PD.

7to# pm,
Office, Corher of Rirhmond and ty
aireots: box! Gddfollows’ Halljand one

enstol Pout OMice, Amborathurg.

DR. 0. TE
FLYSIVIAN AND 84

> MB.
Toronto Dalveralty, tie Conran
olang and Surgeons, Oulario, Oftion’
Gore and Ars ley streets, opposite Town
Ambornstburg. octane) * ite

R.
BICIAN AND
Pits University, '

Yhysicians apd Bu)
av Foaidencd, Oorner: |

treet to
Dalhousie ft (Opposite Wi

DR. T. JAMES PARK.

ICIAN AND BURGEO)
Pra ontaring IN, Anes

: DR, A. BE. STEWART.
HYSIOIAN AND SURGEON, Graduas,
Toronto University. Ofioo, McGres
Ont. Bell Telephone 18-6 2; Colchos
North Telophono 70 © Qi ; Sandwich 9
Telophong, 4 21 le, :

iow ber of the College of

ons Of Ontario, Uttloo fone
donee on Talbot Btreet, next ta)
E Jo Ry Walling room, Kakex. Xorqi
connection. Special attention given
disenses of wonien ond Surgery,

“FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, £

ARRISTER Solicitor, Nota’ (
veyancer, dc,’ Gttiens Monat

ialhousleatreet, Ambheratbunfi @a-Moy

loan.
FRED. H. A. DAVIS, ~

REISTER, Solicitor, Notary
BY eatery &o, Ortlea,. fis re
Amie

tburg. Money to loan.

_ BARTLET & BARTLET,

ARRISTERS, Solicitors, &c. r
B Davis Blook, Windsor. henna
ALEX. R. BARTLET, BA,
WALTER G, BARTLET, ba, LLB,
Gro, A. Unquuant, §.A., LIB,

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH

ARRISTERS, BSMGITORS,

Rodd, B. A.,'L. L. By County Crown’
torney aud Clerk of the Peace fcr the Gong
of Exsox E. 8. Wigle, B.A., K.c.- Ti
McHugh, OMoces Victoria Blook, Windsor

DAVIS & HEALY.

ARRISTERS,- SOLISTERS, Ni
E Ete. Money to Loan, Raine

Windsor
*. D, Davis, B. A.A. F. Hea! A

F.
MES B. MeLEOD.

J
SOLICITOR, Eto., 272d)a\

Begester
Building, Windsor, aa Morey)

foun on farm property at lowest current
FRANK W. WILSON.
ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary ii
] and ve yancer, tot tho Ontarion
Hritikh.Colamb{n Bars.) Af
Farin Pro

Offic
anid

B*

oney to loans
porty at lowest rates of inter
abello Building, Corner Guolle
jon Sts., Windsor, Ont. Phone a

NRISTER, SOL)
Kingsville, Ont s

LAIRD & BATRD.

ROVINCIAL Lavd Surveyors and

Engineers. Omfico, Duns! (
Maire) Town of Easox, Ont, eee

J. NEV
IVIL INEER AND
BURVEYOR, Dri:
Fleming Block, Windsor,

ICITOR, NOTARY, ET

same J
ONTARIO
work aspeociall
pt.

CLARK & ATKIN,

[GREED Auctioneers for Easox Cour
Lj Office at Harrow, Ontario, :

CHARLES GEORGE ATKIN,
§. RENAUD,
A CETIONEEE: Arrangomonts fo
made at any time. Far tors, ote,
(o him or addres Amborstburg P, 0,
JOHN READMAN, ©
SSUER of M Licenses
I te larriago ee the Cor

y

High Class honumenta a Specialty, 4

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Work

C, A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices.

LEAMINGTON, 0

J. SUTTON. & SONS

Funeral) Directors

no! f qualli : f
Auto cauipment wend Gslied.

1 Met: Ww )
43 Oaau ~ es INDSOR, Ont,

Phone 275

way

aN

WINTER TIME TABLE.

Cars run on Eastern Standard Ti

In effect January Ist, 1918.
Windsor ~ Anite

to Am- burg to
heratburg. Windso
am. a.m.
7.00 6.16
$.15

9.00
11.00 10,15
p.m, p.m.”
12:16
3.16

1,00
$.00

4.16 |
6.15

5.00
7.00
8.15
11.00)

.
8S. W.& A. RAIL

9.30
a.m.
12:40 - 4
Express car leaves car house, Win®

sor, 6.40 a.m. daily. Express car leo’

| car house 2.°2 p.m. Sunday excepted

All Amhoratb: to Wall
ville and Teouneone Feta Standard tim

JAMES ANDERSON Z

‘Manage
PERE NN
BUFFALO DIVISION.
Eastern Standard Tinie.

In effect November 20th, 1917.
Going . Going,

West.
No, 7

East.
No.8

 
Ee - Fas.

a

E> ®t'serious injury

CANADIAN NEWS

+ Hoss McRae, of Petrolea, ¥

Gad algGrasay [Ls Al

leg, glaring: he.
mith 0 - claps in the Ontario
Act

4, The explosion of n coal

@ house On Mutual street re

Oe dtath of Mrs. Hmmuline S

Toronto, from burns and shock. [am
>A brinch of the Navy.Teague @

fame of Communder* Brock. Branch Ke

bosor of the hero ofsZeebragee,
) The A. L, McCredie flax mill of

Pp Mary’s was destroyed by tire
pSatuniay. The |

The |
45,000, and it {s
Hrancy.
© Tev aeroplanew from Camp Dese’
feel crashed near BelleviMe an Sal

y.’ Both of the m S wae GE

ked, but the’ pilots escaped he ey

Halifax Rollaf Commission by
Dassed by the Nova Scotia 1 ia

hiture, just prorogned, |s-given eda

tre was feed for very little.tablot
witing In thelr Conversation. He
esd detect In the’most minute varia-
tigi of expression. ler meaning, and
th constant studying of her face
cave to be ns much a pleastre to him
as «pything -else that made up bis
busy (ays. a)

Ther, 88 spring came on, the cop-
greasma’ became Wore than orditarily
pensive, Even at the capitol it waa
commen(¢d on that Pragg had some’
cause to worry, antl Mardy's most {o-
quiring and sympathetic look of ¢n-
treaty, di not. draw his secret from
bis lips. a

‘I> ~ One day whem Mordy arrived In. the

“Wanted—A- stenographer who is
| dumb-but-not deaf ;.must be over thir-
ty No othera need apply, ‘Call Mon-
day morning at Congressman 'Pragg's
Office at the Davenporte.”

* Perhaps the single affliction of being
dumb without being deaf {s not a rare
ane, but in Washington on the Sunday
pthat thie advertisement appeared in
the local papers, women so handl-
capped were not numerous. Or, if
| they were, they were not stenogra-

>| Dhers in search Bf'n job. Of the halt-

lannister, who tind just
mt; Jordan station by her
thrawn out of x buggy
on, who represented

Her, during the taking
(yotes in England last
plvéd in Ottawa from
fgnday and is staying
‘Opponition , leader ‘on
Mr. Preston has

a “regarding alleged abuses
tes connected with the
ie military votes.

I Brace Walker, Commissioner of

"says that there are 20,-

‘of arable land in Mani-
akatchewan and Alberta in
i m Of railway. companies,
Company, and other

one, that might be
Government for the.

Swill indertake farming
oldiérs’ Settlement Act.
id to. be reasonably near
Moewburit says that
m fortes are 13/607; pro-
e.o29 mechanics, $2 >
skilled . Inhorers,
“Yaborera,-61,000 far-
students. The fig-

b to alb’clagses.
5 Hamilton, reserv.
Gn & garnishee action,
@rocer, asked for tha
= Dioney on. groceries.
‘hearing: that the de-
Spaymients to, the
ited that ha did
d issue when
ian could pay
i- keep his
Blated that
: document
is. legal rights,
pot his honor
- he consid-

of Parkdale
of & reso-
Vii

dozen. dumb applicants, there was one
whose hearing was keea enmugs and

istenography was good enough
to’ the congresmman’s young-
Mian; secretary—who sized them up
whien they came to the oflfice—in refer-
ring her to the congreawiman lilmself.
That was Mardy Mapes, mnd she was
not entirely what the congressman had
asked for in the advertisement. She
admitted to the secretary in writing,
on the small tablet of payer that she
carried around with her, thint she was
under thirty, and anyone cuuild have
told at a glance that she wasni't even
twenty-five, “However,” she wrote to
the congressman when he olijjected to
her on the score of extreme yyouthful-
ness; “I am old in my ways and I
can look much older if I dress in plalp
dark clothes,”

The congressman frowned a little
ait her to show his disapmroval, but
consoled himself with thre thought
that If he kept her in his employ long
enough, she would eventuallly rench a
sultable age. On generali ‘principles,
it seemed, Congressman Prragg liad an
objection to young womem. Some peo-
ple whispered that this wes because of
some early disappointmemt in love, but
those who knew him bettter knew that
in the congressman's uphill! climb from
4 poor-farmer’s boyy to the lending
man of his state, there had been no
time for filrtation oy love-mnaking.

“You “may ‘consiilier yourself em-
ployed,” sald .the comgressman, and
the smile that came over Mardy’s face
showed that. she heasird perfectly in
spite of her total dumibness. “Nowy, I
Want to explain why II wanted a dumb
stenographer. I hnywe had several
women "in my emplty—good’ stenogrn-
pers: they werfe, too—but they (rove
ine almost crazy with thelr innocent

babbling. When they weren't chatting

with my secretairy out there, they were
talking over the ititphone to the girl
downstalrs at the swiltchbourd or ar-
‘ranging with the pemple at suffrnge

; headquarters to make street-corner

speeches .on such and such. a night:
And after hours theyy babbled to their
friends all my bisimess, or tried to
réetnil Inside polltitea) {nformnation to
thelr-soap-box audiiences. Washington
is nothing; Witi'a villnge In lots of ways,
and peosjle soon get to know that Miss
So-and-So is, working for » Congress:
"mani Thus-and-So, and the first thing
Td know people would be telling me
over: nt the capitol” more-about my
own, business than .I knew myself.
‘Whese women didn’t do it maliciously,
yyou understand, but they were so fond
of hearing themselves speak that they
couldn't help it. That ik why I wanted
ao dumb stenographer, Your youthful-
ness is against. you, but I don't super
pose I can do any better—never mind
the) references—you look honest, and
my secretury says your stenography Is
more than fair. Report here tomor
row muorning at half-past nine.”

Although the ambitious young man
from -the congressman's home town
bad the distinction of being his sec

Morning, she feund the Cotigresaman
already at bis desk—something entire-
ly nnprecedented—and* Mardy ‘seemed
to know when she firat-caught his
glance, that'st last the time tiad come
‘for he to know hi® secret care,

“I hifive something to tell you,” he
begun, abruptly, not looking. at her—
thong» he usually studied her face
witht such keen interest. “I have se-
eurcd the gervices Of one of the great-
exit of thront speciglists—Doctor Spig-
mcnhelm—peérhaps you have heard of

| ‘him, He 6 coming| down to Washing-

ton as’ no special cession, | He'll be
here this morning, -1 want him to ex-
amine your voenl cords, and see {f
something eunnot be done for them.
He says It Is 1 marvelous case—that
your dumtnoss inen't affected your
hearing or any of your other senses.”

Hail the congressman been watch-
Ing Mardy'’s face then he might have
Seen that she atarted and then turned
perceptibly paler. She made no writ-
ten reply or acknowledgment of her
gratitude to her would-be benefactor,
and they were both uncommunicative
for the rest of the morning,

At Mardy's written request she saw
the great speelaligt alone, and then
the specialist say. the congressman
alone, and then the;congressman, hav-
Ing handed the spectulist his thousand-
dolinr fee, caw Mnrdy alone.

The congressmun looked pefisive
and grave, Very tenderly and, trying
to conceal his own disappointment, he
told Mardy of the specialist's verdict
—that, strangely. enough, Mardy's
speechlessness- was incurables This
time the congressman studied Mardy's
face, but It showed) nothing save.a
studied immobility.

They both tried to go back to the
work of the day, but unsuccessfully,
and then the congressman broke the
silence. “I'll have to tell you what fs
worrylIng me—and torturing me,” he
sald. “Ill tell you, and then you can
declde what we ought to do. Mardy,
I want to morry you. I had neyer
thought of marrying before, and I
don't want to maké you my wife un-
less it Is going to make. you happier.
I ami tortured with ithe doubt wheth-
er your infirmity wouldn't be such o
handicap in-your life as my wife, with
all-the social duties that tt would be
bound to bring you, that’ we would
both be unbappy beéause of it. I had
Eoped Splggenheim would be able to
hold out hope, but he tells me there
is none. Mardy, what shall I do?”

There was a short pause, pnd then,
Ina Soft,-low voiceMardy’ answered:
his question, ©: ve'me” Theo
‘she Went on tint ay and Moet
ly, and the congressman Yung upon
ench word as 2f hearing a womnn toik
had ‘always been the Joy of his lite.
“I came to Washington, hoping to fet
t position In one of the departments,
but. others more influential crowded

me out. Then I saw your advertise-: |,

ment. My funds were exhausted; und
I couldn't go home ond-tell the family

Ehad lost out. I had-promised to send | ===

home purt of my salary4+-and—well, I
pretended I was_diimb, nod everyone
shington thinks -I am. I~ have
osen’ to. anyone, though, I do
{alk to myself In my room nat night,
so's not to forget. how: “Then when
you spoke of Spiggenheim) 1 thought
you suspected me, and would despise
me for the deception and would dis-
miss me if you thought I really could
talk. So—well, I told Spiggenheim the
truth and promised tlm a hundred dol-
Jars—all jpy sayings—if he would tell
you the: case was hopeless.”
. The congressman sat Back In lis

Necessary Farm

Equipment’

ORE’ and more the Ford ‘car fs looked
upon by progressive farmers as neces-
sary faxm equipment, the same as.the

low, the hay-rake, the drill, the mower, the
beware and other labor and time-saving
machinery, :

A farmer with a Ford car can dis with
one or two of his horses and make the trips to-
town, railway station, creamery, or to the neigh-
bours in one-third the time. In fact there is no
farm machine made that will save the busy
farmer and his busy wife so much valuable time
asa Ford. And it’s so easy to take care of—far
easier than a horse. No bed tomake, or hay and
oats to get, no harnessing and unharnessing, and
no stables to clean, The Ford practically takes,
care of itself.

Ask any farmer who owns a Ford if he would
éver again try to get ‘along without it. His
answer will hasten your decision to own one.

THE UNIVERSAL CAR

Touring - - $595 Sedan - - - $970

Runabout - $575 Chassis - = $535

Coupe -° - $770 One-ton Truck $750

Ff. O. B. FORD, ONT>

a" powers, independent of-civic of
“i 4 retary, Miss Mapes soon did practienl- | chalr and let out a hearty Jaugh that

Me 4 en cack aa 1 he ‘ ly all the’ work that {5 usually con- | stowed his melancholy had been for- iar ' ‘ ;

ma vies Act By dulce Saye ets Ser. ae in ‘mal Sar! nected wifh that post; and the young | ever dispelled, and for the -first time : & ; sein $ "
16 ) aniform, but si ie } x r mon {no quéstion occupied his time | he, heard tle contagious tones of a. Fat i ‘ ‘
16 3 $4 expired Se Mlorgely. with “meeting: the congrers- | Mardy's Jaugh, “which she lind been a |

16 f .. Datch steamship Princess Jelena’ | rman's callers, mixing with people | S™ppressing* for nionths. 4 : | e es hsurance
mm, 7 400 tons, i {s understood, has een lie whom the congressman might find jt “One” thousand, one hundred dol- i, a : ——— :
16 Mméed over to the Canadian. Pacitie| useful to Enow, In hotel lobbies, club- | Jurs,” he reflected; “well It was-worth : i r , - ee

16 p Mrvites, to be operated in the trang. | the Q rooms or wherever he might contrive |'that tén times over—und a hundred i You Can Put on Your Buildin Ss
ie Bere. | man Pa. i 4 to Ond them, gnd mnking hurried trips | times over, if I had it. Inever thought ‘ os tt e ttf

; i * Motor core, destined tin ¥ j ‘ i n forth from various of the | that tt would take a tliront speciniist . Be 2 A 2

16 meals in the United States: 3 en aay ore aassai ieabhtues to i to cure’me of o lifelong melt ae is the protection that good paint guarantees, Fire Insurance does

00 p Mlted by the

nttont, the not.prevent fire—itonly partly reimburses you for loss sustained,

custom authorities at ' : . Ington. for, “Mnrdy,-I bave never been com-

Bice ant ect, 278 being loaded with {ell | s|- “Mardy Mopes seemed notte hove a | Pletely happy in my life until this should fire destroy your property. Pe :
, ; Ts * : |, -Mardy nilviute:’” i j CET Rae +
aves a cen we the people of St Catharina DY-T Fempopssiflity ov oe eae ae ; ‘ 3 Fire may never happen. gal, a : hen
q aked to . i ves) |} ieast in shin, utside o: _ aE : mM ; - a i tee ‘ ae ss
Lis war ¢ contribute to onty | Dé Diceace Not Anherited. = On the other hand, the use of good paint actually prevents.a loss

‘ harity organization for wae} (congressman's office. ‘She boarded ,
Tat’ work, it beng” the "Wee Cath.| Clall Somewhere over in the northeast—on | An entirely wrong doctrine of hered-

War Chest club | On : } ity hos been the source of a great deal. The 0 “pas . ;
, h Indefinite section so. far af the’ con- a : ¢ destructive effects of weather. i}
Pntire Kraduating class of nine | a a i. | gressman wna concerned, and “trol of anxiety in the world, declkres James el buildings that lack proper

Ewer gra paint protection, go on every second of the ight.
: ma tage Be, one of the leading Ned” back and forth from there fo the.| J- Walsh, M. D., in the American Muga- Be os : . th idny, aod ala.
4 Miotic institutions of Mont} Ay congressinan's office. {ny the hotel}, | #!0¢, und bos ‘kept mony’ people from St pga Hs ea er ey ie ao -

| where hevlived. near the White House. | living thelr lives ds: they ought to do, Bs

from decay which is not just a possibility, but an absolute certainty.

bas enlisted, th
wy Pet the majority in the |¢

a Michaen toe: of Chatham, died inl

F fag thea “ee hospital Saturday even-

B 8m 2 nat 4 Dolsoning. Some days

; his boot Pierced }
28d this Teeulted in his death, be

Fleming; . a well
ber, has died at

She never worked “overtime,” because
Mi her time, presumnbly, was possible
P office time, And if she stayed In the
congresaman’s oMfee 1) midnight ¢ak-
| Ing down notes for on < important
gpeech. that he war to deliver, or lis-
tening critically:to him) as ho re

b€cause they have been spending time
ond enersy worrying over what would
happen to them if certnin feelings
which they thought ‘syinptoms of {n-

‘herlted- disease were to prove cor- |

rect., Defects are inherited, but dis-
ense isnot, becaise ‘acquired chaorac-

falling ‘on fi: ORTS| In the hotel never wagged to her dis-| Henston of heredity hus probably | g : Sie eather, hesaua IK eo eee rie cae

Was cansed by y} hearsed such a xpecch to ber, tongues | teristics are not transmitted. . Appre-
y "1s

crouit beenuse of {t. Perhnps this | caused more suffering thon heredity

wns becnnse poor Mardy'a own tongue, ituelt. a heal |:
 dtso:e was Incapable of wagging. Slie
i on ung, but her

epsilsnined Os is.

 
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
 

   

 

   
 
    
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

  

  

   
  
 
  
   
     
   
   

 
  
  
   
   
    
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
     
  
  
  
 

 

 
 
 

Provi : —T was all ran
down ee sea had head-_
aches, my back

TR Ses tired and hed

{| irs. ition forany-

i Thad taken

; number of medi-

i me

   

i ege-
Sy tabl een
: t done for
women,
ofan +1 gained in
fee 50

I ean honestly
recommend Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vege-
table Compound to any woman who is
suffering a3 I was.’’— Mrs. ADELINE B.
Lyncz, 100 Plain St, Providence, R. L
Backache and nervousness are symp-
toms or nature’s warnin; wi in-
dicate a functional distubance or an
unhealthy condition which often devel-
ops into a more serious ailment.
Women in this condition should not
continue to drag slog without help, but
profit by Mrs. Lynch’s experience, and
try this famous root and herb remedy,
Lydian E Pinkham’s Vegetable Com-

ind—and for apecial advice write to
ydja E. Pinkham Med.Co.. Lynn, Mass.

TOWN aND COUNTY.

—"“Jerry Mailloux and family have
moved to their farm in Tilbury North.”
—Tilbury Times

—Drastic orders, restricting the
hoarding of sugar, were issued by
Canada’s Food Board at Ottawa Fri-
day, providing thet any person, other
than a dealer or manufacturer, hay-
ing on hfs premises more cane sugar
than is sufficient for fifteen days* sup-
ply, unless he lvea more than two
miles from a licensed sealer, shall
be liable to a fine of from $100 to
$1000 or three months imprisonment
and any excess over prescribed am-
ount may be seize. and forfeited.

—The Canada Food Board has is-
sued & request that farmers or others
having definite information that any
dealer in feeding’ stuffa Who has been
insisting on the purchase of flour as a
condition for the shipment of bran
and shorts should» notfy the Food
Board ‘at once; giving as much detail
as possible. The request adds that all
such cases will be thoroughly investl-

  
   
   

 

   

 

gated, and jf the information is found
to be authortic, the guilty dealers’
license will be cancelled.

—E. A. Ball, of Brantford, received
official notice that he had been ap-

pointed Superintendent of Registrars
under the new Registration Act of the
21 electoral districts comprised in the
following counties: Essex, Kent, Lamb-
ton, Middlesex, Elgin, Norfolk, Ox-
ford, Brant, Haldimand, Welland and
Wentworth. He opened an office on
Brantford and steps are now being
taken to appoint a registrar for each
electoral. riding for the purpose of
enforcing the act. It is likely that
registration will take place on Satur-
may, June 15th or 22nd. to allow of
échools being used for registration
purposes,

—When anyone comes to town
6rasp him by the hand and tell him
Ywhat bright*prospects the town Nas.
Don’t stand around like .a lot of
dressed up dummies before a cloth-
ing store and wear long faces with
gloomy looks and see only the dark
side of things. Above all, don't go
whining around and make a shadow
on the bluest sky. If you really have
not the heart to speak fj cheery word
or lend your influence in behalf of
your town, for mercy sake hide your-
self whenstrangers come to visit us.

—Lieutenant Harold Gatfield, son
of Wiliam N. Gatfleld, of Sandwich,
has arrived in England. ~ Lieutenant
Gatfleld recently left Canada with a
unit of the British Royal Flying Corps:

—The Canadian Militia Department
has abandoned: the plan to provide ey-
ery returned soldier with ‘a’ ready-
made suit of clothes. Each veteran,
instead of being compelled to wear
clothing of standardized make, which
would cost.the Government aproxim:
ately $14 a sult, will Be-givén a sum
of money to purchase clothing of his
own choice.

—By an order issued by the Can-!
ada Food Board Saturday all flour,
made wholly or in part from wheat,
{s placed under restriction simflar to!
those imposed Friday on sugar hold.;
Ings. No person Hving two miles or
Tess from a licensed dealer may hold
A supply longer than is necessary for
fifteen: days’ consumption. Two to.5
Miles~30 days; 5 to 10 miles, 60 days;
“over 10 miles 120 days. On and after
May ist it will be illegal to feed mill-
ing wheat or any other. produéts
thereof. except. bran and ‘shorts, to
Hive stock, poultry, ete Dealers are
also restructed «in their holdings,
Fines of $100 to $1,000 and three
mionths’ imprisonment are provided
fer infractions.

loofefertecfoofecfestsefee!

 

 

 

     
    
  

   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
   
  

house for a few days with a heavy
cold. ;

—Mrs. Greenfield, of Detroit, bas
been the guest of her aunt, Mrs. C. H.

Kemp: :

St. Margaret's, Toronto,
after a month’s holiday at tome.

ment in a rather important seed grain
case at Chatfiam. C. Lees is suing P.
Newkirk, claiming that he seed corn
evidence was snubmitted on both
sides.
cases hang on the verdict in this case.

flour, it must be remembered that any
person holding or having under his
control flour made wholly(or in part
from wheat, in quant{ties greater
than are provided in the order, must
forthwith return such flour to the
miter or dealer from whom it was
purchased, and such miller or dealer
must accept, if it be in good condi-
tion, and pay for it at the purchase
price or the market price.of April
20th, 1918, whichever be the lower.
All millers or dealers failing to pur-
chase such flour when its return is
offered are required to report the facts
and circumstances to the Canada Food
Board at once.
—The Windsor Record had the fol-
lowing interesting local one evening
last week: “A. Addison, ex-chief of
police of Amherstburg, now living at
Otterville, was.in town Wednesday
attending the funeral of the late
Magistrate Leggatt.”\Mr;Addison will
be remembered as a real fellow while
a resident of Amherstburg. .
—Under a schedule adopted by the
Lake Carriers’ Association, chief en-
gineers of Class A and B steamers
will be paid at the rate of $3.036 a

season for twelve’ months,- Class C
engineers will receive $2,783 for 11
months; Class D, $2, 30 for 40-months

and Class E will be paid for actual
time worked at the rate of $236 a
month on steamers over 2,100 tons.

—Passenger and frejlght service
over the Lake Erle route between De-
tro{t and Buffalo will be opened by
the Detroit & Cleveland Navigation
Co.'s steamer City of Detroit IN, Mon-
day, May 6th. The City of Cleve-
land II], leaving Detroit the afternoon
of the following day, at which time
the City of Detroit IIT will start from
Buffalo‘on thexreturn trip, will com-
plete regular daily service each way.

—Detroit will play an important
part in the building of 66 ships which
must be delivered to thé Government
not later than August, 1919. The con-
tract for the ships has been awarded
thé- American Shipbuilding Company,
of which the Detroit Shipbuilding Co.
is a subsidiary, and every facility of
the local company’s yards at the foot
of Orleans street and at the, Wyan-
dotte ways will be used to hasten the
work.

—That Canadjan workingmen can
ctltivate their war gardens Sundays
without fear of prosecution by the
Lord’s Day Alliance, whose, “Vigilance”
prevents Detroit newspapers being
sold in the border cities Sundays, was
said Saturday by Chief of Police Elias
Wills, of Windsor. Prosecutions can
only be made against persons follow-
ing their “usual occupations” Sun-
days, by permission of the Attorney-
General of Ontario.

—Wholesale yiolation of the Can-
adian fqod*reguiations Wére uncover-
ed Saturday -morning when three
automobiles, said to be owned by De-
troitimen, although the Windsor cus-
toms authorities refised to disclose
thelr nomes, were seized at Brantford.
They. were loaded with flour and
sugar. The export of the latter com-
modity from the Dominion is proh{bit-
ed. According to the customs offic-
ials, the. owners of the* automobiles
admitted they had been engaged in
smuggling sugar into the United
States by way of Windsor and Walker-
vitle-ferries for more than a yéar. The
penalty for taking sugar from the
Dominion without a permit from the
Canadian Government as $1,000 and
six months’ fmprisonmient. Three
months ago many Detroiters were held
up at the Windsor ferry dock by mili-
tary police because they carried par-
cels of sugar, which were ordered re-
turned to Windsor stores where it
was purchased.

—Acting on the recommendation of
the Deputy Minister of Highways, the
Government is now going to bring into
operation by proclamation at’ pred-
ent the clause fn the Ontario Highway
Act prohibiting the carrying on motor-
cars-of any lighting device: with a
blinding glare. W. A. McLean report-
ed to the \Minister, Hon. F. G. Mac-
diarmid, that ~ technicalities * would
Make the’enforcemeént of the Jaw dif-
ficult: The “provision which was in-
corporated in the statutes is based
On laws in several of the States.
“Mere observation will not fix a
standard of glare which the cOiirts
aould properly enforce,” reported Mr.

 

McLean. “A testing*floor with trained
men using special jight-measuring
equipment would be necessary to
procure evidence to convict. The
Present tentative adoption of the

statute has drawn attention. to*the
Matter, however,and a large propor-
tion of the car owners, seeking to
avoid the uSe of offensive lights, have
procured lenses and other devices
which moderates the glare; so that the
difficulty is-largely curing itself.”

 

> Potatoes

Early Seed Potatoes

= and ~

Pe Fy ~

- Eating Potatoes.
of Flower Seeds. The best
Early and Late Potatoes. Pratt's
Mora your Seed and Domestic

rick, Flue Lining, Hard
Cement, Pipe and

 

 

Sewer

 
 

1. H. Denike was confined to tho

    
    
    
  
   
     
  
  
  
  
 

—Miss Wynona Cuddy returned to
last week,

Judge Coughlin has reserved judg-

did not. germinate. A great deal of

Some twelve or fifteen other

  

—In connection with the new order-
in-counci] forbidding the hoarding of

   
  
   
  
  
   
     
  
    
    
  
    
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
 

  
   
  
  
  
   
  

        
  
      
   
   
      
       
      
   
   
   
   
         
      

   
    
  
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
 

    
   
  
  
 
   
  
    
   
 
    
  

| enffer from a condition often called
|gometimes © pimply” oF pale akin.

those with pale ches#s and lips, who
ra
| tired,

day from spending a monty jn the
Northwest.

office, spent the week-end at ii, home
in Cleveland, Ohio.

his barber business again ager
serious siege of iliness.
—Charies Y. Dixon Yas

society at its annual Maeting in the

night. Other officers named were:
Firse Vice-President, D. J. Sterret
Second Vice-President, — H. Davis;
Secretary-Tréasurer, D. y. William-
son.

—Joseph DeGranpre and Harry C.
Maisonville, Windsor, were added as
defendants In the Fallon vs; Janisse
slander action by orfer of Justice
Lennox at the weekjy High Court,
Toronto, on Saturday The action
brought by Bishdp Fallon developed
out of; the recent trouble at Ford
City, when objection was made to
Father Laurendeau, of London, taking
charge of the parish, DeGranpre and
Maisonyille are alloged to have draft-

 

ed and published’ the letter upop
which the action is founded.
—All persons manufacturing ice

cream, candy, cak, crackers, biscuits,
pastries, - confectionery, ice cream
cones or chewing gum in Canada for
sale must secure a confectioners’ lic-
ense from the Canada Food Board
On and after June 1st, 1918, it will be
illegal for any persons to manufac-
ture in Canada, for sale. any of these
products without having first secured
such a license. A. confectioner’s lic-
ense will not be required by persons
holding a ‘baker's license or a public
eating license from the Food Board,
but the rules and’ regulations govern-
ing the manufacture of the products
enumerated will be applicable to and
will govern bakers: and confectioners.

The annual license fees range from
a minimum of $2.00 when the
value does not exceed

per annum to $5.00 on: an-

nual sales up to $10,000, $10 when the
amount sold does not exceed $50,000,
$20 when the annual sales do not
exceed $100,000, and $10 for each ad-
ditional $50,000 or fraction thereof of
the annual value sold. Commencing
with June 1st, and monthly thereafter,
every licensee must file a sworn state
ment “showing the quantity of sugar
used dy him in the manufacture of
candy. Licensees are forbidden to de-
Stroy any food or food product fit for
human censumption, or -knowingly
permit. »waste, or wilfully permit de-
terioration in connection ‘with the
storage of sale of any food products.
The license number}from_the Canada
Food Board must appear on every

letter head. contract, acceptance of

order, invoice, price list, Quotation

issued and advertisement.
a

 

1. O. D, E, CARD PARTY.

 

The second of the series of. card
parties was held at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Delisle, Sandwich St., Friday
evening, April 26th: Success crowned
the efforts of the ladies who worked
so ‘hard during the past ten days.
reception was held in the afternoon
in the two large north rooms, junch
belng served’from four to six, the
other rooms being reserved for cards,
the prize being won by Mrs. Duke,
who kindly gave it to the Chapter, to
be used again In the evening the
house was devoted. to cards, “500”
being the game played, the whole
thirty, tables being filled. Playing
continiied till eleven o'clock, after
which lufich was served and. prizes
distributed to’ the lucky ones, the
wjnners jbeing: » Ladies'—Mrs. Teeter,
Mrs Fofd, Mrs. Abbott; gentlenién’s—
Mr. Stancliffe, Capt. Dave. Hackett,
Mr. Bender. Prizes were donated by
Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Aikman, Mrs. J.
H.»Pettypiece. Mrs. F. Park, Mrs.
Kelly. The Daughters are deeply in-
debted to Mr. and = Mrs. Delisle for
the hospitality? always shown the
Chapter by this estimable couple, their
home being turned.over to Red Cross
work all winter, the I. O. D. E. meet-
ing there every Thursday afternoon,
turning out Jarge bales. of ‘hospital
supplies. Although Uncle Sam claims
them as his very own, the Daughters
of the. Empire are happy to count
them friends of the I. O. D. E. and
most ardent Red Cross workers.

a

THIEVES BURY AUTO.

  

  

 

Somewhat ‘out of the ordinary in
making away with stolen cars was the
Method of Springfield, Mass., thieves
who buried a car in a lonely wooded
spot not far from the state line. Boys
passing discovered whiat appeared to®
be’ a newly made grave and: notified
the police, who when they dug a short
time, uncovered a windshield.’ The
car bore a Massachusetts license.

At Sherbrooke, Que., moving picture
houses will have to close on Sundays.
Two proprietors were) fined $20 each
on charges laid by the Lord's Day; Al-
lance.

British Columbia bye-election in
Chilliwack, made necessary by the ac-
ceptance of the portfolio of agricul-
auce by E. D. Barrow, will be held on
May 10th.

 

    
  
 
   

  

    
 
 
 
 
  

‘Red - blooded men of courage are or
the firing line — and “there are many
anemic, weak, discoursged men and |
women left at home: i

At this time of the year most: people

Spring Fever. They feel .tired, worn

out, before the day is half thra. They
may have frequent headeches and

Bloodless people, thin, anemic people,

B poor appetile and feel that
worn or fevétish condition in|

ers of
alterative and blood Purifier.’ Sach a».

gue isextracied from Bléod rot, Golden.

—W. W. Trimble retarned on ri-
—John Skelly, of the Mulan Coal}
—John Gant Is able to lox after!

elected
president of the Detroli rngineering

Detroit Board of Comméree Saturday

 

-mauve

   
 

     
  
 

Chest Club, to be

      
   
  

Baltimore, De

the springtime of th? year, should try Jon a co
the refreshing” tonic, P°

  
 
   
  
    
  
    
  
   
    
  
   
   

    

    
  
    
  
  
  
  
 

IN MEMORIAM.

 

“None knew her bat to love her;

None named her but to praise her.

God rest her beautiful soul,

Truly may the above words be ap-
$5,000 | plied to Mrs. Lambert Bertrand, whom
death claimed on the 14th ult. at her

home on Murray street.

Not as an avenger did the Great
Reaper come, but as an angel—an
angel of sorrow in truth to the living

ones, who sorely mourn their great

loss, Dut an angel of peace and diiss
as vividly personated by the regretted
deceased. The friendly smiles so lav-
ishly bestowed on all who canie in con-
tact with the lovable lady during her
life, lingered on her bdeautiful face as
she lay cold in death. To the hosts
of friends from fer and near who came
to pay their tribute “of respect, love
and sympathy death seemed like a
gentle. sleep. How peaceful! How
beautiful!’ were the oft’ repeated
words-uttered.

Mrs. Bertrand was a bright woman
and a leader in every charitable work
in behalf of her church. Alma Mater
in Philanthropy, the afflicted and the
needy found thelr way ctraight to her
heart. Charity in word and deed was
the keynote of the deceased’s noble
character—the beacon light which led
her onward and upwards in the path
of life until the goal—Heaven, was
reached.
~ In poor health for several ,years,
Mrs. Bertrand’s wondrous yitality and
sunshining disposition effectively cor-
responded to the expert medicab care
of Doctor Teeter whem that of many
clever physicians failed: On Sunday,
the 14th ult, only seven days after
the deceased had been confined to her
bed, medical‘ skill could no longer
ward off the fatal blow, All that love
and money could give was ‘profusedly.
bestowed ‘on the loved departed one;
by her-fond husband, whose ‘grief is
most intense. Arrayed in a pale
’ silk gown, -reposing in a
mahogany couch casket covered with
silk mauve velvet, surrounded by a
wealth of most beautiful flowers, the
mortal remains lay in state until the
funeral, Spiritual bouquets, mass offer-
ingg were most humerous. From fay and

near messages of sympathy poured in;
relatives and friends, Yich and poor

paid their last tribute of esteem ‘and
gratefulness. The funeral was one’ of
the largest held in St. John the’Bap-
tist RC. church,

Among the distingnished parsons’ in
attendance were Mother Martin of the

 
 

‘Ascension, Provincial Superior of the

Sisters of the Hdly Names in Ontario;
Sister M. Zenon, ‘Superior of St.. Jos-
eph’s Academy; Sister M. Celinie, Su-
perlor of St. Joseph's convent, Lois-
ellevillé, and Sister M. of Jesug, of St.
Mary's Academy, Windsor. The
church services. were more like a
great Holy Dayfcolebration than a
requiem, Solemn masa was celebrated

,by Rev. Father V. 1. Donnelly, Deacon

Rev. Father Ryan, and Sub-Deacon
Rev. Father Kennedy. The officiat-
ing clergymen .wore white and gold
vestments, the gltars decked, numer-
ous electric jets and candles stione
Hke stars—all filugtrated a triumphal
entry into heaven, not a burial in the
cold ground.

O death! where fs thy victory?
-- O. grave! where is thy sting?

P. Onellette,: organist of: St,- Al-
phonsus’ church, Windsor, and former
director of St. Sohn: Baptist's. choir
here (of which Mrs. Bertrand -had
been many yeara.a member) sang in

  
     
   
  
  
   

among which wds an O Salutaris, A;
J. Burns rendored the hymn “Thy.
WII be Dono” in a very touching man-
ner, } a

The funeral directors were the well

  

known and competent W. .S. Sutton, |

of Windsor, and B DeRosier, of De-
troit. . .
Mrs. Bertrand: leaves to mourn her
loss two brothers; John, of Detroit;
and Frank, of Seattle, Wash.; Sister
Anne of Jesus, of St. Joseph's Acad-

emy, Amherstburg; Sister. M. Lore
of Cohocs,.N, ¥, . : ee

two half siste
find Mrs, AI
Amherstburg.

A Lifelong Loving Priond.

ee

St. Catharies has formed the War
“the sol iniza-

a8 io war retlet, work... 2 oie
uis Morano, who, rding to
the police has heen a aaouseds; of:
thefts from | cl ~ poor boxes in
real and Ot-

 

   

tawa, was “in Boston, May
harge. of }taking é
Mary's church Dox.

 
 

Fire of |

¥

     
     
     
 
         
     

his ‘beautiful rich voice several, solos,,

   
   
        
    
 

a aS
beret httibeheeyt MOTHER'S BREAD SHEMET tE teeth ttt

We Have Reduced
500 New rs

 

$25 and $35 Values

b ¥ Lao

The*fashion. for draped, pog-top, and tunic, cf-
fects is fully interpreted. Some are*hand-om-
broidered; others braided and’ trimmed with”
buttons, Many: have dainty Georgette Crepe
Satin collars. Made of Taffeta, Crepe do
and. Geargette Crepe combination. -
clude every preferred shade,

—————————

MAIL
INQUIRIES
SOLICITED

 

 
   

   

   

  

 

      
   

  

       
   

We have the material and give satisfaction, The old saying
applies to this, ‘The proof of the'pudding is in the eating.”
We have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, | Lath,

      
 

ing of all kinds of Hardwood. ?

kinds of Moulding required in building a honse. ~

Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and will
be pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large
or small. ass :

C.F.SMITH, - “ARROW.

 

PETTYPIECES,

 

eo

boeken onfertocfeconfocterfes}oclocfecterforfeefod

 

It you want a base-
ment excavated, ‘Sewer
connection put in, wat-
erworks repaired, see .
us. Phone 178. -

   
      

  
 

  
 

AMHERSTBURG, ONT

    

     

  

 

 
 
  
 

   
  
  
 
  
 

For sale. tn Amherstburg. at
Son's, G. F. Girardin‘s, A. J. Burne!

Sold In Harro W. R. Boyce &
bas ginny Ba cae

iSold fo:

Lime, Beaver. Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Pollshed Floor

We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all

  

  
     
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
    
    

%

D.

PARRISTI
Etc, M

F. D. lit
“JAD

ARRISTY
Bulidin
joan On farm

FRA

ARRISTE)
Blan Gon
‘oloL
Farm Prope ™°*
Office Lal
and London

We ccm
ARRISTH Sic

     
 

  

ee

 
 

 

       
     
   
   

 

NOTIONS

 
  

   

    
 

ENGI
SURVEY?
Fleming Block

_ CLA
IOENBED |
Omfoe at }
ABLES CLA

    
  
  
  
 
  

‘

s
CTIONT
ao art,

 

 
    
    
   
    
     
      
  
   
 
 
 

 
   
 
 
  
 
 

   
 

-| Cars rur
Ir

Wir > Seti guile
to-ornouns, ‘hetine
‘her; nitecmucioms

, het: Fait aect Lu
i Sew. foe emir om
SS diewailiIes = “hone
Nines Hy teem (sant

 

 

wae oO
ime Ioum F. Pine.
Vem) tnucrest

  
  
  

: tard Quality!

RE FR wee

Mes
ver Iniced against Wil-

 

tan, ihe ara cums Ep

 

  
   
   
  
  
  
    

  

|, “© are no job lots,
?chandise Specially

—=

  
  
   
   
  

ae ee ee

   
  

.. $2.25 & ;
$1.98

   
    
  

PELEE ISLAND.

=< Monday al-
ta Breault,

 

 

I and Donald
extering the

af Jotm Mahoney,
The sim of $ was tak

Woodaynight

Assencor, bas “re
bs “il » Wao Stoxati:
Yowmnitine ios. “The aed i
‘itis: smmur (Ss SRM made SPs

lowes: — ors, GS of which” $,589
i ig, & L2ot siash, and
Anaad, wut. ry ‘

 
    
    
      
    
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
   
  
  
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
 
 

  
   
     
   
  

  
    
    
  
 
   
  
 

 

  
   

  
    
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
   
   
   
 
    
  
  
 
  
   

 

 

    
       
         
      

    
   
  
 

 

   
WA

The Kind You, Havo Always
~ inupe for over over 30 yec-c, has

and which has
borne the si
been made -und

Bought, teed”

, S0nal supervision since its

All Counterteits, :
Experiments that trifle ‘wi
Infants -and Children—;

therefrom, ‘and regul
tiie asain ee
The Childre:

s
,

% Allow no one to deceive

sand“ Jus

ns Panatea—Th

GENUINE. CASTORIA atways

Bears the

The Kind You Have Al

Signature of

ways Bought

t THE ane AUR Soo NEW VORK CiTy, d

 

i

 

THE UNDERFE

How Children of the Ignorant
Are Robbed of Oatmeal

A canvass made_among the, intelligent
shows that seven’ homes in cight serve
catmeal. Among the ignorant another can:
vucs shows, that not one’ home in twelve
rerves outs. “Phe children grow up incapa-
ble because bodies nnd brains are starved,

Nature stores in oats more energy food,
more brain food, more nerve food than in
any other.grain that grows. That's why
ohildren-crave oatmet,,’sThereis nothinj;
to take its place,

This is a food.on which it doesn't pay to
be careless. There is a very wide differ-
ence in ont foods—a difference in-richnesa
and food value. Don’t serve the common
kind.

Only the richest, plumpest grains are
used in Quakep' Oats, They arc selected
by 62 siftings. Only ten rounds afe obtain
¢d from a bushel. he resalt is a food rich
io all the ont clements—the utmost in ont.
mecal.@ Yet the cost to you is butone-half

nt per dish.
Mie £ am
TS

Made in' Canada ’

F|

Guns, TRAPS, SPORTING Goons
4OWNN HALLAM. Limited
406 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

{
PR4acticau Embalmer, Murray St.
Amherstburg, Day or night,

Phone 20
a Se

 

ETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN. a
Nineteen years experience. Huntreds of aatis
fled patients wher are living testimoninis
Exclusive Optical Parlors, Main St., Kingsville

Issuer of Marriage Licenses.
C. P. R. Ticket Agent,

$100 Reward, $100.

Thepreaders of this paper will be:
pleased to learn’ that there is at least
one dreaded disease that science has
beén able to cure {n all its stages, and
that is Catarrh.
‘a the only positive cure now known
to the medical fraternity, Catarrh be-
ihg a constitutional disease, requires.
4 constitutional treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is taken intermlly, act-
iug directly upon the blood and muc-
ous surfaces of the system, thereby de-
stroying the foundation of the disense,
and giving. the* patient si by
building up the constitution
sisting nature in doing its work. The
Proprietors have so mucl faith in its
curative power that they offer: One
Hundred Dollars for any ‘case that it

‘fails to cure. Send for lst of testi-

Mmonials, <0

Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO., To-
ledo, Ohfo, " ee.

Sold by Druggiats, price, 7

Take Halla Family PiDb for consti:
pation, \ : :

VICTORY BONDS
toon BS #

GEO. CARRU ERS & SON

Hall’s Catarrh Cure:

id as-

CANADIAN NEWS.

Mrs. John Bannister, who liad just
been met at Jordan station by her
husband, was thrown out of a bugey
and fatally injursa,

W. T.-R. Preston, who represented

frid Laurier, during the taking
of thé soldier votes in England last
December, arrived in Ottawa from
England on Monday and {ig staying
with. the Opposition. leader on.
Laurier avenue, Mr. Preston has
brought with him, a formidable quan-
tity “of documents, affidavits and {n-
formation regarding * alleged abuses
and irregularities connected with the
taking of the military votes,

J. Bruce Walker, Commissioner of
Immigration, says that there are 20,-
000/000 acres of arable land in Mani-
tobn, Saskatchewan and Alberta in
the possession of railway companies,
the Hudson=Bay Company, and other
Jarge corporations, — that might’ be
utilized by the Government for’ the
soldiers who will undertake farming
under the Soldiers’ Settlement Act,
The Jand is safd to be reasonably near
to railways. .

Major-General Mowburn says ‘that

jn: the Canadian forces are 13/607, pro. ;
‘/Tessional™men, . 6,529 mechanics, . 62;

125 clerks, 164,178 skilled’ laborers,
17,028, unskilled laborers, 61,000 far-
mers, and 10/251 stidents. The fig-
ures are creditable to all classes,
Judge’ Gauld, of Hamilton, reserve.
ed judgment on ao garnishee action,

order to recover money on groceries,
Hishonor, after hearing that the de-
féndant had made payments to ‘the
best of his ability, stated that he did
|] mot think an order should issue: when
it was evident thet the man cauld pay
no more thin he had, and keep his
wife and family, It was stated. that
defendant had signed a’ document,
tat he would. waive his legal) rights,

and not resist a suit, but his honor |)

did not think thissshould. be consid-
ered:

Major H. Mowat, of Parkdale

M.
lut{on-in-the Commons: providing [or
community settlements for disableg
soldiers,.with the Government acting
as finncing contractoy and designgr
of soldiers’ model villages. Majo;
Mowat's idea {s to have well-planned
little towns ‘with*houses for the so}.
diers and their families, where they
can engage in making various articles
{or handicraft such as toys, art objects,
letc., formerly imported into Canada.
| These Iittle manufacturing céntres
would help: to supplement pensions
and give congenial and salutary em-
ployment to the returned men.

$$$ a

FARMERS WILL PROTEST
NON-EXEMPTION CLAUSE

Delegation to Parliament Will Urge
Claims of Food Production. ~

eh

A délegation of farmers, 2,500
strong, representing the Province of
Ontario, is going to Ottawa before
the -present session of the House of
Commons ends to protest against
the action of the Government fn call
ing up. men between the ages of 20
and 23 without wreniptng men en-

‘od inform work. ‘
ig Tho farmers, feéling the pinch of
the scarcity of Inbor at this time;
believe that it would) be. better to
Jeave, men now engaged in farming
| to help” produce food than <o sena
them ,oyersens; :

GOVERNMENT SEEKS/ REPORTS
OF WEEKLY CATCH OF FISH.

- In order to bein close touch with

{the fishing vperations..thro

made by 8. L. Squire, who is in

S} bei
Jcharge of tho sales

|
|

got, 1017, by, the: McClure Newspa~
(Compras per Syndicate.) eae

“Wanied—A. stenographer who is
dumb. biit-not deaf ;-must’ be over thir
ty, Ne others need apply:-\Call Mon-
day mirning at Congressman ‘Pragg’s
Office at the Davenporte,”

Perhaps the single aMiction of being
dumb without belng deaf is not a rare
one, buf [9 Washington on the Sunday
that this advertisement appéared in
the logal papers, women so )handi-
capped were not numerous. Or, if
they were, they were not stenogra-
Dhers in search of a job. Of the halt-
dozen dumi applicants, there was one
whose heafiNg was keen enough and
whose stedognaphy was. good enough
to justify the. congressman's young-
man, secretary—who sized them up
when they came to the offic—ini refer-
ring her to the congressman Milinself.
That was Mardy Mapes, and she was
not entirely what the congressman had
asked for In the advertisement.--She
admitted to the secretary in writing,
on the small tablet of paper that she
carried around with her, that she was
under thirty, and anyone could have
told at a glance>that she wasn't even
twenty-five, “However,” she wrote to
the comgressman when_he objected to
her on the score of extreme youthful-
ness: “I om old fn my Ways and I
can Joo much older if IT dress in plalp
dark clothes.” ¥

The congressman frowned a little
ot her ito show his disapproval, but
consoled) himself with the thought
that if.jve kept her fn his employ long
cnongh, she would eventually rench a
sultablie age, On general principles,
it seemed, Congressman Pragg had an
obfection to young women, Some peo-
ple whispered that this was because of
some early disappointment In love, but
those who knew him better knew that
‘tm the congressman's uphill climb from
Q poor-farmer’s boy to the leading
man of his state, there had been no
time for flirtation or love-making,

“You may consider yourself em-
Diloyed,"; sald. the congressman, and
the smile that came over Mardy's face
showed that she heard perfectly in
Spite of her total dumbness, “Now, I
want to explain why I wanted a:dumnb
stenographer. I have had several
Wwomtn-In my employ—good’ stenogra-
pbeirs: they..were, too—but they drove
we almost crazy with their innocent
babibling, When:they weren't chatting
with my Secretary ont there, they were
talking over the telephone to the girl

doWinstairs. at the switchboard or ar .

ranging with the people at suffrage
headquarters to make street-corner
Speeches on‘ such and ‘such: a nipht.
And after hours they. babbled to their
friemis all my business, or tried ito
retsitl Mate political information to
thelr sonp-box audiences. Washington
18, ‘nothing but a village in lots of ways,

The plaintiff, a grocer, asked for the || ind people goon get to know that Miss

| So-and-So, ts,-working for Congress-

man 'Thus-and-So, and the first thing
i") know people ‘would be telling me
Ower at the capitol: more about my
o%'n business than, I knew myself,
Thiexe women didn't do it malfefoualy,
yon understand, but they were so fond
of hearing themselves speak that they
Couldn't help {t. That 48 why, I wanted
Q dumb*stenographer. Your youthful-
ness is ngainst. you, but I don't sup-
pose I can do any better—never mind

| the references—yon look honest, and
(Toronto) hns given notice of a reso |

tening ¢

jout the}
whole province, _ arrangemente are}

my secretary says your stenography Is
More than fair, Report. here tomor
row morning at half-past-nine,”

Although the ambitious young man
from ;the congressman's: home town
had’ the distinction of being his see
retary, Miss Mnpes soon did practidal-
ly sll the work that {s- usually con-
nected with that post, and the young
Dan {ny question occupied his thine
'Segely.-with meéeting the congress-
Man's cnilers, mixing with people
Wiiom the congressman might find it
Useful to know, In hotel lobbies, elub-
'Goms or whereyer he mlglit contrive”
to find them, qnd making hurried trips
Sck and forth from various of the
°Shgressman's coustituents to Wash-

ington, 7
Mardy ‘Mopes:seemed not-to have a
Fesponsiliilify or tie ih the: world—at
“Ast in Washington—outslde of the
COfgrestman's Soffice, Sho - boarded
Sofrewhere over in the northeast—an
‘Iifefnite section so far as the con-
srefman was. concerned, and “trol-
Hed” Uhek and forth from there to the
COnETCisman’s office fn. the hotel,
‘Where he lived. near the White Honre.
She never worked “overtime;" beentwe
all. her tino, presumnbly, was possible
office tims, And if she stayed {n. the
CONETCESTian's Office tL midnight tak-
ing dowR notes tor aon ~ imporfant
apeoch thit na’ wax to deliver, or Ia:
Ucany fo him as ho re-
hearsed Sieh n specch to-her, tongues

Ih the holy newer wagered to her
credit. besnnse of ft.’ Perhaps. {his
Was ECA se poor Mardy’ own tongue
= Was incapable of wagging: Ste
was young, but her

neh -of. the |

Spon tin ah

* ad ‘ -“ : -
there wos need for very lttle.tablot
writing In thelr Conversation. He
could detect In the?most minute varia-
tion of expression ler meaning, and
this constant studying of her face
came to be. ns much a pleasure to him
as anything .else that made up his
busy days, * f

Then, as spring camo on, the cop-
Sressman becaine more than orditarily
pensive, Even at the capitol it was
commeénted-on that Pragg had some
Cause to worry, an Mardy’s most a-

quiring and symputhetic look of n-
trenty, did not draw his secret from

bis ips, 4 :
t~ One day whem Mardy arrived In the

‘morning, she found the congressman |

already at his deaksomething entire-
ly unprecedented—a’nd* Mardy ‘seemed
to know when she first-caught his
glance, that’at last. the'time had come
for her to know hié secret care,

“I have somethiig to tell you,” he
begun, abruptly, ndt looking at her—
though he usually studied: her face
with such keen interest. “I have se-
cured the services Of one of the great-
est of throat specialists—Doctor Spig-
genhelm—perhaps fou have heard of
him. He ts ‘comin, down to Washing-
ton as o special concession. He'll be
here (this morning, ¢I want‘him to ex-
amine your voenl cords, and see if
Something cinnot he done for them.
He says It {8 a marvelous cise—that
your dumbness hasn't affected your
hearing or any. of your other senses,”

Had the congrestman been Watch-
Ing Mardy’s face then he might haye
Seen tbat she started and then turned
perceptibly paler. ‘She made no writ
ten -reply or acknowledgment of her
gratitude to her would-be benefactor,
and they were both uncommunicative
for the rest of the Morning,

At Mardy's written request she saw
the great specialis nlone, and then
Wie specialist saw: the congressman
alone, and then the; congressman, hay-
Ing handed the spectatist his thousand-
dollar fee, caw Mardy alone,

The congressman looked pensive
and grave. Very tenderly and, trying
to conceal his own disappointment, he
told Mardy of the Specialist’s verdict
—that, _ strangély: enough, Mardy's
Speechlessness was incurable. This
time the congressmun studied Mardy's
fave, but ft shawed nothing save a
studled immobility.

They both tried to £0 back to the
work of the day, but unsuccessfully,
and then the congressman broke the
silence. “I'll bave to tell you what fs
worrying me—and torturing me,” he
sald. “Ill teN you, and then you can
declde what we ought to do. Mardy,
I want to marry you. I hed never
thought—of marrying before, and I
don't want té; make you my wife un-
less it Is going to take you happler.
Cam tortured withthe doubt wheth-
er your infirmity wouldn't. be such o
handicap {in your life as my wife, with
all the social duties that {t would’ he
bound to bring you, that’ we would
both’be unhappy because of it. I had
Loped Spiggenheim would’be able to
hold out hope, out fle tells me there
is none, Mardy, what shall I do?”

There wo a-short pause, and then,
In-n Soft,-low’ véleweMardy answered:
iis question. — “S6p2ive> me,” Theo”
she Went on tithing y aid fuente
ly, and the congressman lung upon’
cach word as if hearlog a woman talk
had always been the Joy of his lite.
“I came to Washington, hoping to get
ft position fn one of the departments,
but. others more Influential crowded
me out, Then I saw your advortise-
Ment. My funds wore exhansted, ond
I couldn't go home and tell the fumily
Thad lost out. Mhad promised to send
home part of my salary+-ond—well, 1
Dretended.I Wwas diimb, and everyone
hf. Washington thinks-Doam. I: have
uevyer spoSen to! anyone, thongh I do
SCa)is*to myself\ ini my/ room ‘at night,
so's not to forget. how: Then when
you spoke of Spliggenheim, 1 thought
ryou. suspected me,-and would despise
me for the deception, and would. dis-
miss mé.{f you tlrought I really contd
talk.: -So—well, I tala Splgzenhelm the
(ruth and promised him-a hundred dol-
lars—all py sdvings—if he: would tell
you the case wns hopeless,” ‘

The congressman sat’ back tn bis
chalr and let out a heurtyInugh that
sidwed his melancholy had been for-
ever dispelicd, and for: the frst time
he heard the contngions tones..of
Mardy's Inugh, which she“had been
suppressing for months,

“One thousand, one hundred dol-
Jurs,” he reflected; “well Jt was worth
thot téh times over—nnd> a hundred
€mes.ovor, if Vhad it. Pnever- thought
thut It would take # throat specinilat
to cure ‘me of a life-long melancholy—
for. Mnrdy;.I bave never been com-.
pletely happy in my life until this
minute.” ~~

Disease Not Anherited”

An enilrely’ wrong doctrine of hored-
ity has been the sotirce ofa gréat dent
‘of unxioty in the world, dec!
J. Walsh, M, D., in the American Maga-
zine, nod has kept. many: people from
‘living their lives as they Ought to do,
becnuse they have béen spending time
ond ener; Worrying over what would
happen’ to* them ‘if, ee feelings
Which they thought toms: of {n-
herlted- disease wore t
rect. Defects ate inherited, but. dis:
ense Is not, because acquired chortic-
‘teristics. are not tran: m ;

James |i

MUM og

ne” peel

Necessary Farm.
_ __.Equipment®: °

M

ORE and more the Ford ear is looked
upon by progressive farmers as neces-
sary faxgm equipment, the same as the
low,. the hay-rake, the drill, the mower, ‘the
narrow and other labor and time-saving
machinery. <

A farmer with a Ford car-can dispense with
one or two of his horses and make the trips to-
town, railway station, creamery, or tothe neigh-
bours in one-third the time. In fact there is no
farm machine made~that will save the busy
farmer and his busy wife so much valuable time
asa Ford. And it’s so easy to tak

easier than a horse, ]

oats to get, no harnessing and unharnessing, and
no stables to clean, The Ford practically takes,
care of itself, ,

Ask any farmer who owns a Ford if he would.
eyer again try to get along without it. His
answer will hasten your decision to.own one,

F
f-

THE-UNIVERSAL CAR
Touring - - $595 Sedan - «

|= » $970
Runabout - $575 Chassis. =
Coupe

. $535
- $770 One-ton Truck $750:
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT>

Three of the many body styles that may be mounted on the Ford truck chasele

-KEMP FURNITURE CO., Dealers, Amherstburg

The Best Insurance
You Can Put on Your Buildings
is the protection that good paint guarantees, .

not prevent fire—it only parti
should fire destroy

Fire may never happen. ‘wel, ee

i Fire Insurance does
ly reimburses you for loss Sustained,
your property, ~ i

On the other hand, the use of good int actuall : loss
from decay which is not just apossibilie, > bu: ‘anjabigistccertinne ;
The destructive effects of weather, upon buildings
paint protection, go on every second of the
ee a ena

ihe Ett 4

that lack propi
day and night, wee

sprove cor- |

 
 
  

Keep WRIGLEY’S in
mind as the longest-

the boys at the front.

Ge
&

War Time Economy
in Sweetmeats—

a 5-cent package of WRIGLEY'’S wiil
give you several days’ enjoyment:
it’s an investment in benefit as well
as pleasure. for it helps teeth. breath.
appetite. digestion.

CHEW IT AFTER EVERY MEAL

The Flavour Lasts

Sealed tight—Kert right

 
  
    
 
 
   
    
 
  
  
 

  

  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
 
 

      
  
   
   
   
  
  
  

   
 

DISTINCTIVE

|

} Samples and help yo
j lect your PAPERS.

Papers

   

 

 
   
  
  

   
    
  

_ 1S THE

le LJ
CLOCKS ¢ Cy ) OLAMONDS
EWELRY “piare54 curt GLass

ENGRAVING

Let Me Help Yo

 
  

Sultable for gifts—MY

 

  

   
 
 
   
  
    
 
 
   

  
    
      
    
   

Tie
o
ay &

  
   
   

 
   
   

  
  
     
   
   
  

  
 

| Our 1918 showing is most
| complete in all lines. Love-
The

| Iy cut™out borders.

| finest lines we ever car-

|| ried. Let me show
L,

you
u $e-

ALFRED HORSLEY

FINE WATCH REPAIRING] N O VW
ATCHES imei SILVERWARE

Time

SILVERWARE

 

. I not only have a magnificent
Variety of JEWELRY WATCHES,
CLOEKS, SILVERWARE of every

PRICES
Gre exceedingly moderate.

Jeweler and Optician
Hadley Block - Amherstburg

 

SERVICE 70 THE

“NATION DEMANDS
-~ €00D HEALTH

fo the nation 1/ not a matter alone for
the soldier an{ sailor and munition
worker.

There is wo, necessary work, for
everyone to do. in the way of thrift and
nection apd to do this work, health

Pro“bly the most common complaint

and the sufferey should be thankful for
the tuse!y warving given by this pain.

The quickes* and surest relict trom
backache is a treatment with Gin Pills.
Gin Pills are the tested specific for the
healing of the Kidneys, Anyone who
wisies ¢o nerform his or her full duty to
the Nation in these strenuous tines will
fiad rebel from backache in Gin Pills.

Sold by all dealers—S0c. a box, cr 6
boxes for $2.50 Money back if you

the U S.-Address, Na-Dru-Co Inc., 202
* Mam St, Buffalo N.Y. 125

 

    
 

The Canada Gazette.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY —

 

 

 

OTTAWA.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL
. p= ATth. 1918,
__ORDER IN COENCIL
AT THE..GQVERNMENT HOUSE
AT OTTAWA
Tuesday, April
Present: a

His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR-
GENERAL-IN-COUNCIL

Whereas by an order of the Canada
Food Board, dated March.°15th, 1918,
it was amongst other things enacted
as follows: “On and aftér the~ first
day of June, 1918, no person shail
operate a Public Eating Plac? with-
out “having first obtained a license
from the Canada Food Board”

And whereas it is advisabJe ic the

public interests to enact the following
regulations respecting such persons
operating Public Eating Places.
Therefore it is hereby ordered:
1. That mo licensee shall, directiy
or indirectly, knowingly buy any food
commodities from-or sell any saca
commoditiss to any person required
to obtain a licnnse from the Canada
Food Board. and who haz not co.uin-
ed such license 2

2. That the Mcens2¢ may be re-
quired to make reports moritiilr, end
as often and such cimes and in such
form as may be fn writing directed
by the Canada Food Board, showing
the stock on hand, or in transit to
onder of such licensee, and such other
information as May be required by
the Canada Food Board from. time to
time. aa . E
3, That the licensee shall keep such
books, invoices, vouchers and other
papers and.records as will enable the
Canada Food Board, or any person by
them thereto authorized, to verify any
report of statement that such ‘licensee
is required to make to.the Canada

Food Board.

] 4. That the licensee shall place on
every letterhead, contract, order, ac-
ceptance of order, invoice, price lis
quotation, and advertisement issued,
the words “Canada, Food Board Lic-
ense Number” followed by the number
of the license. :

&. That the licensee shall display in
his place of business the certfficate
of license, furnished by the, Canada
Food Board under this Order, in such
manner as, will bring same promin-
ently to the atténtion of the public.

6. That all applications for license

 

16th, 1918.

 

 

 

 

    
    
 
  

  

  

  
   
 

  
 
 
 
   
    

   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
  
   
  

   
   
     
  
  
   
  
   
   
     

Counters,. Cafeterias, Tea Rooms,
Railway Dining Cars and all Stéam-
ships Berving meals or refreshments
to the number of 24 or niore per diem.
(c), Parlors, Stands and all other
Ey} resorts retafling (but not manufactur-
ing) Ice Cream and not serving other
foods.
$ Thatethe following shall4be the

   
 

  
   
       
 

   
  

      
     
     
  

jr Class A—
Annual turnover of
under

  

   

$26,000- or

   

  
  
  
 

exceeding $75,000 and up to
SETA, O00. Deen hs, 2 oer: 8 00
aiid $3.00 for cach additional $50,000
or fraction thereof. “
(Based onsales of food and food pro-
ducts and beverages sold for con-

 

$100,000

or fraction thereof.
Class C—
$5.00 per anitum.

   
  

  

   
  
 

  
 
  
  
     
  
  
  

 

    

 

   
   
  

   
    
     
   
   
 
    
  
  
   
       
   
    

 

  
  
   
  
  
  
  

5 poate OR See Le Aa , § 00
and $4.00 for each additional $50,000.

  

 

 

 

   
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
 
 

Of Essex, received

the follo ; from her nephew,

who is well known in South Essex>—
. April 7th, 1918.

Dear Aunt,—Just a few lines to let

 

Tires. L: Quick,

they sent me over.

hospital here and: getting along well-

It fs tho ne ofa rich eae
grounds I cver saw. 'e

bed good. I don’t think | will have

to go back to France again; I was

there long enough—nearly two years

were gassed to death in that raid. 1

It was very sad on Good Friday, when
the women and children were_at
mass he shelled the church, and many
of them were slaughtered to death the
very hour our Sa*ious was crucified.
He shall never win this war. He is
making his final drive with all his
force; he is just throwing his men
away. I would like to get back this
summer; I may, it is hard to say. T
suppose John is getting his oats in.
They are seeding here. It is a little

soon. -
PETER FLEMING,

(213414,)
Barwood Hospital, i
Walsingham, Burks.
ee ES a =H

SANDWICH WEST.

Mrs. Leanor Pratt, 90 years old,
died Sunday morning of last week at
her home on the Grand Marais road.
Born on the river front in the town-
ship of. Sandwich East. Mrs. Pratt
was the daughter of the late Francois
Lauzon, one of the pidneers fron Que-
bec. Married to Blois Pratt in 1863,
she celebrated with her husband the
50th anniversary Of the wedding in
1903. Her husband diéd ten years
ago. Surviving are her three daugh-
ters: Mra: Joseph Soaillier, Wind-
sor; Mrs. Joseph St. Louis, Tecumseh,
and Mrs. Adolph Souillier, Sandwich
West; three. sons: Albert, of Wind-
sor; Edmund and Henry, of Sandwich
West; besides 25 grandchildren and
21 great grandchildren. Funeral ser-
vices were held on Tuesday morning
at St. Alphonsus church, with burial
in the cemetery of Assumption church,
Sandwich.

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Cottam.

Wes. Brooker, of West Lorne, visit-
ed at fils parental home the past week
on account of the serious-illness of
his mother.—Miss Erie Hawkes has
given up her position as clerk in J.
W. McGaffey’s st6re. Her place is
taken by Miss Oina Orton.—Frank and
Wm. Hess, Cecil Tedford, Andrew
Neville and C .T. Queen attended the
opening ball.game in Detroit on Wed-
nesday.—H. L. Martinson and wife
motored to Thamesville on Tuesday

 

 

 

and returned, bringing back with them

the former's mother, Mrs. Martinson,

who had spent a week with relatives
at Thamesville-—Rev..Mr, Bower, re-

presentative of the British and For-

eign Bible Society, gave an address

In the Methodistschurch on Wednes-
dsy evening. °“The officets -of fast
year were re-elected:—L. / Williams,
president; Fred.. Corbett, secretary;
F. Wilcox, treasurer.—There was a
good crowd at Mrs. W. Sheppard's
sale on Tuesday, and good prices were
obtained: Mrs. Sheppard will make
her home with her children, —E.: J.
Queen sold a Dodge auto, last week,
to John E. Moore, and Ford cars. to
H. Speechley, M. McLeod and J. Mos-
sops—Norman Pettit purchased the
old residence on the. Walter Bowers
farm from’ Murdock McLeod, and had
it moved to North Ridge this week,
Frank Birch doing the moving. Mr.
Pettit will place it on the corner Oop-
posite the cement block store and fit
it up for occupancy.

KENGSVILLE.

     
     

 

 

week.
Mrs. (Dr.) McKenzie returned from
North “Branch, Mich., on Thursday
last, where she Had been visiting at
the home of her brother-inaw; Dr.
Thomas, for a week or two,

Mr. and Mrs. Albert Schufésler and
two ch{ldren, of Toronto, have return-
ed to their home after spending a

description for home and per- fees payable for licenses granted un-|feW days at. the home of Mrs. Mid- Con Taed Drain inc sie cana he of arate
sonal use, as well as CUT GLASS der this order for the above trade} @oush. den, accordingtio. plans. anu, specifications
anf other excellent articles classification. Miss Marjorle Tumer returned to/wnich may be seen in the oMece of the

her home in Deadwood, South Dg-
kota, Sunday, after visiting “for a
week with Mr, and Mrs: Orland Wigle,

child. They will ‘spend the- summer
months with ythe parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew Fulmer. Mr. Fulmer
will help his father with the farm
work for the season 4
Samuel -Spargo,’ young English-

 

Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Wright, from
their son. Gunner Cecil Wright, Inst
week, in which he says he was: hit
by a mactine gun bullet. It passed
through the leg butdid not break any

    
    

   
 
    

 
     
    

 

   
   
  

proving’ the Crosby and Vincent* Drains in

| Harrow, April 24th, 4018. .

   
 
  
        
  
     
    
   
 
  

 

 
   

    
   
    
     

Not spiritually (although even the
penalty of remorse may follow

it is just as difficult to persuade a
person who has 2 full dinner be-
fore him to-day that he may want
for food next month.

But you may as well let this fact
sink into your mind —the last
people that Canadaand theUnited

men, and if a sufficient exportable
surplus of food cannot be raised
and saved by voluntary efforts, then
very drastic rationing measures
will be enforced.

It may astonish you to learn that in
1917 Ontario did not grow enough
wheat for its own needs. Conse-
quently every Ontario farmer

 

at

full, for ye shall hunger.” —

Luke 6: 25.

whose land is suitable, has been
urged to sow 5 acres more spring

lasting confection you is the frst essntial. Even the most [} "Ul. dodging death in that awful I ! Hoban es
willang will fini progress 1s slow if the in ad for those lect of th tienal warn- wheat this year so that Ontario's
Gasber" Sei Pes Sa wets Soot arson seat Fag) but-ye hall hunger in the demand for wheat shall not be met

at the expense of that portion of.

of vacant land is being urged to
grow vegetables, because the more
vegetables that are grown and
eaten in Ontario, the less wheat and
mefit there will be consumed, and
that being so, the Ontario wheat
crop should then be sufficient to

feed. our own people, and leave

a are wot sat‘sfied Free sample on | ja yet How is Aint Judy and Jack? Stat Al all
i 3 : w to suffer for
request to National Drng.& Chemical | on” ood. mW tates will allo ervt
ue Co of Canals, Limited, Toronto, or to | Wel. sood-bye, dear sunt. Write want of food are. our fighting more Western wheat and other

foods available for export.

If you have not yet decided to
plant a vegetable garden make up
your mind to do sonow. Youwill
snot regret it. There is still lots of
time. Potatoes and beans may be
planted.ap to June Ist and these
are the best substitutes for wheat

and meat.

 

Garden,

d, practical advice upon how to lay out and’cultivate a Vegetable
Cabin. Write for a free any of the booklet entitled: “A Vegetable Gar-

den for Every Home.” This has been prepared by the Ontario Depart-

ment of Agriculture for the guidanc

this call for increased production.

Mail

Dear Sirs:

| Address.

Name

| NOW

auranio

 

 

TENDERS’

—FOR—

Drainage Work.

 

SEALED TENDERS marked “Tenders for
Drain” will received by the undersigned
up to 8 P.M, on z I

SATURDAY, MAY 4th,, 1918

For the work of cleaning out, and im-

  
  

the Township of Colchester South, accord-
ing to plans and specifications which may
be seen at the oMce of the Township Clerk,

Harrow. :
The lowest or any tender not necessarily

accepted. .

dress: uh ILL,
Township Clerk,
Harrow P.

 

 

SEALED TENDERS marked “Tondors for |’
Drain” will be reeeived by, the undersign-
ed up to zh

MONDAY, MAY 6th,* 1918] Phone 193

at 1 p.m. for the work of excavating the
Collison

Township Clerk.

The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted. 3

 

     
 
  
 

NOTICE 10 CREDITORS.

In the, matter of the Estate of Mary

 
 

      
    
 

    

 

 

  
 
 

or about the 20th day of December, 1017,
are required to ®y post prepald or
deliver to ison Mickle, Harrow P, O.,
Executor. of the said Batate, or to the un-
Deralgnens on or béfore the Fifteenth day ;

of May; 1918, their names and addresses, 4

     

Organization of Resources Committee, 5

Please send me a copy of your booklet “A
Vegetable Garden for Every Home:”’

 

ORGANIZATION OF RESOURCES COMMITTEE
In Co-Operation with Canada Food Board

 

e of citizens who will respond to

Parliament Buildings, Toronto

eS == ee Se el

 

  
    
 
  
 
     

Build with Concrete Block

Drain Your Land With Concrete Tile

THE LASTING MATERIAL.

We have on hand 75,000 tile, all sizes, from 4 to 12 inch

: _ We have installed an automatic power ‘block making ma-
chine and therefore can handle.any sizéorder in the block line

We handle ROGERS’ HIGH GRADE CEMENT. _ For

shailebe on’ Form 10 hereto attached? | Mrs. Alex. Brown, whd has been NT .Sale in any quantity.
B 7. That the Icenses under this Or-| Very fll for a comple of weeks, is TEN DERS 1 = es
TO BUY der shall-be divided into the folfowing |:8!owly improving. “= . j Wealso have samples of Pressed Brick in all colors. ~ »-
: classes :— " Kenneth Ray, of sngersall, has pur- = FOR /
(a) Hotels, Clubs, Boarding Houses. | Chased the hardware stock of Scratch ‘
JEWELRY and (>) Restaurants, Lunch Roms and] McDonald, and took possession last. DRAINAGE WorRK'

.Henry Robidoux

Cement Products Contractor

Amherstburg, Ont,

 

- I have moved to:the
Deneau Shop and Re- ;

i : man who lived with Burwell Wigle, Hache) sare | Marcmtats;) Tate of the ide. lor
cqitmption therewith.) Huthven, Detore Ne elited and’ went Township of maiden, ithe County of sidence , A psley Street,
A 1 ; overseas, wag recently killed’ while , (a ers
MM GMOE ene teens ac 94.00 | gnting a" Flanders. Word to that | : where I am prepared to
ct Wis ‘Mr. > NOTICE is heroby + nara : : °
TO ne wet? ggg amt wot nn tate thal onal et pers oa give better service
| exceeding $75,000 and up to In a letter recoived: by his parents, | Mary Rachel Jane Nurontatefuio “ia on tad

than ever, to the trade.

 

 

War is bringing home toevery mas, |you know I am in England. I got
woman and ee ect n sereics exposed to gas three weeks ago and :

      
    
 
   
  
    
  

   
    
   
  

  
    

   
  

    
  

     

         
     
   
         
       
       
       
     
   
 
      
     
  
  
  
 
  
   
  

  
   
  
    
      
    
  
      
  
 
   
  
      
   
       

  
   
 
 
 
 
    
    

   

 

 

 

 

   
   
     
    
    
  

 
  
      

      
 

those doing unaccustomed tasks | shall always despise them, dead or trying physical sense in which
i bee she Work may ory eet the alive oe always. wy a hunger now grips the peoples of the Western crop that should more ;
eelin, at wi lose, . Y VWs 3 . . :
backache ‘that anes dons casts | San we pe “Soma ot he wort Europe. . rightfully be shipped overseas.
an Imitca! cond: . : i 7 = ‘
tem that needs treetasent. “The Kidacys tere." aa Gnenego: read about. the We know “it-is difficult-to talk to For this same reason every house-
are giving ¢vidence of their weakness | jong range gun they shell Paris: with. the belly which hath no ” and holder who Haw & fen ora piece

   

GS .& SF beilp ot et Os beh pesbeee as bs eee oe

    
   

a8

 

_——

ole Bure eo 10 erent re onl. an pesca on Palka

eng

 

. >. . : exceeding $25,000 and, upcio > Mill street. : > |
ss I $50,000 rey ee eee, 4.00| HL. Fulmer, an associate professor | Aadress: HOWARD GIBB,
SEER 0d | eee ee ACRE rte Pe Se end
ome, acc q + R. No,” el
id STEMI. <- ok, cance 6 00 ¢, .accompan, ¥ oane | Malden, April 7th, 1918.7” me =

   
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 

It particulars of their claims and the,

 
  
    
 

 
 
 
   

    
   

9. at all licenses shall expire on
the thirty-firat day of May dn cach
yoar. .

10, That licenses are not assignable
or transferable without the assent of
the Canada Food Board. “Ss

11. That Lcensee shall give notice
In writing to the Canada Food Board
of any change of address, or of any
change In the management or control,
or of any change in the character of
the business licensed within ten days
| of such change or changes ‘being

| made. SS
7 (| Dated at Ottawa this fifteenth day.

Jot April. 1918, HS
|... CANADA FOOD BOARD,
Henry D. Tho: ;
: Chairman.

bones or cui any @rteries’ so that he
is making E (rapid rocovery. He ts pe an i tea security, if any, held by ag
is a hospit: Pingiand. * ‘urther notice 1s hereby given that.
Mrs. Sinn Malott, who has been {ty ine canid , Fiftoonth © day of Mag. |
living with hor daughtor, Mrs: Wm. | distribute. the esets of te sbit oem ,
R. Wigtle, of Win , died on Tiles: | among the persons entitied thereto, having,
day of Tait week. © sed had been.) Trend only to oldims of which te shall
confined to os bed for about six wil nor be Hable Tor ind alects ar pee i
Peaks ea, the toe oe aay ae tm tie TAR Sak ake hen eat
and the end O i: unoxpected., at the Ume of such distribution, ye
Though far advance i “CH | eon} |e ® :
devi her ‘Agent for ¢! : : ¢
Bestrioeay n Harrow this. 13th any April, | tae atk “4 soy e : . We pe ‘

soldiers, and had
soir since the Ww

 
  
  
   
 
 

 
   
    

 

 

  
   
 
 

    
 

| i
Me
ail |

  
 
 
 

   
  

Dated at
~ 1948,

  
    
      
 

      
  

POTATOES
rt —

y. comprom

~ Kvnen I was,told that if I went to a
certain office ot a certain hour, I would
fave the pleasure of meeting the Rev.
Phares W. Gordon (Ralph

bim ;
Canadian 1

hood I wriggied on hurd,
ial ising benches, liste:
‘ame-stern ministers thas he “sat
“goder.” I bed Lael tiem ea
‘Garlic and English, and wordered if he
Gel have a fellow-feellng for one who
fad gone through’ the same boyish éx-
cperiences. Asmy eagerness had brought
pe carly to the place of eppointment, I
“jad a few minutes t4 wait, and fell to
wondering what, he would be like. Un-
-osciously I associated him with those
‘odd-time Free Kirk ministers and won-
dered if he would be ke the Rev. John
Ross, of Brucefield, or the Rev. Lachlan
MacPherson, of East Williams. So
py surprise was complete when a brisk
man in khaki uniform stepped into the
room. He did not look enough like
those old ministers to make my heart
-come into my mouth with terror os I
faced him. ‘Neither did he look enough
fike a military martintt to moke me

dick my heels together and come to

“attention.” And there was absolutely
nothing to suggest the producer of “ best
gllers.” It took less than a minute to
discover that “Ralph Connor" is, first
ofall, a fellow-human being, who isready
to take a glance at an from any
man’s point of view.

nor), I
wanted to meet

he

ne Conmand had something of the
“ meas you suggest. ia whenever
was an to be done to het
the boynthe MCA. was there to ria
it and doit well.” By its spirit of un-
assuming belpfulness the Y.M.C.A. has
wow tity hearts of both the officers and
men, NO matter what their church con-
nections may be or not be. : It
gives)and it docs not anything in
return, Itg sole reward:is that it helps
freely all who need help. ‘The thing to
emphasize about its’ work is that it
gives—it is an organized spirit of giving,
pat gives without .@ string to the
ving.”

JA reference to the old ministers gave |

ns an instant point of contact, and with
much laughter—kindly and reverent—
put still: laughter—we compared notes
and exchanged reminiscences of the good
men who mide the Scotch settlements
where we had both been brought up, the
places of stern discipline we remembered
so well. The hour that had been prom-
jsed to me was gone and part of another
hour with it, before I remembered that
the man who the meeting had
pot done it out of pure kindness. He
wanted me to interview Ralph Connor
about the war work of the Y.M.C.A.
By the time I remembered my duty we
bad reached a point where I felt that I
coulfi ask him about it from a rather
daring point of view. I began with a
straight question:

“What do you-think of the work of
the Y.M.C.A. in the war?”

He hunched’his shoulders slightly and
slipped down a trifle in his.chair.. From
the expression on his face I was afraid
that he was going to offer an unfavor-
able criticlym. But his answer made it
clear that that was not what disturbed
hin:

“Itis doing a lot of work that the
church’should be doing.”

Now yott can understand why my
question caused him a shade of discom-
fort. “The minister in him—a touch of
the old. Free Kirk spiritual guide that
made him feel the responsibilities of his
calling—made him regret to confess that
a purely lay institution is cdrrying prac-
tical:Christianity to a point that is as

t impossible for the churches—“‘beat-
ing them to it,” as the soldier boys
would-say. © is

“Don't misunderstand me,” he
tested. ‘The churches and their chap-
lains are doing @ wonderful work, but
the Y.M.C.A., being without a propa-
ganda or dogmas, is able to adapt itself
denantly. i Bas needs that may arise,
el battle-front: or, v
the boys may be located. It

‘them at all hourg and in/all places with

aspirit of good cheer, comfort and belp-
fulness.” “~ * —s L

“Then you are of the opinion that the
man who supports the war work’ of his
church'is not doing all he can to help

the boys?”

Assuredly. The Y.M.C.A. js able
to go alittle farther, Though the work
of the church may be nearer to the ideal
of what I want toseedone, the Y.M.C.A.
gets nearer to the boys.”

That struck me as a very important

* point, and I decided to question him

from on angle that might not be pleasing
to a clergyman.
“You know,’™I insinuated, in a spirit

' wot half confession, “that there are a lot
. Nir boys who would’ be inclined to Iook

ate Y.M.C.A. ‘at home.as a sort of
sisMified institution, beneath the notice
@# young men of the world who-like to
affect. sort of manly, wildness. Docs

the Y.M.C.Arget near to them?”

“Yes. The helpfulness of thie Y.M.-
C.A. has won out, over every obstacle.
Ia the beginning, the officers of the

RALPH CONNOR,

. “But. 1, often hear comments, not
alvays friendly—about the prices that
the Y.M.C.A. charges for some of its

io»

supplies?

“Such comments have no justification.
The prices are as near right as they can
be made. If there is any profit on the
sales to the boys in the camps or back
of the lines, every cent of it goes to pro-
vide things free—absolutely free—to
those who are in thé front line trenclies.
As a matter of fact, the canteens and
other orgainizations under the control of
the churches and chaplains have pretty

much thie same schedule of prices a3 the
YMCA.” ‘

°
I coulidt not suppress a smile at find-
ing my ancient enemy the trust or
“Gentleman's cement” appearing in
60 admiraijile a form. But I made no
comment. - Inistead, I asked o conclud-
ing question;

“Then I may ‘tell the people that in
its war. work, esjpecially in the matter of
creature comforts, the Y.M.C.A. is:
nearer: to the boyrs anyone else?”

ieee, int thi =e mths :
an! exces ie
zation’under Whoxe discipling they: live %
—and die. You mee they are special
erence de Se

o! 5 area
spiritual force, tom,"’ =

When leaving hiim,-I stopped to talk
togeveral other cleirgymen whoappeared ,
in the offing—it wras'a place of clergy-
men—and he Sftipped, from’ the room.
Shortly afterwiurds he returned with a
copy. of his latwst book, on the fly-leaf
of which he hind written in memory. of
the men we bad known in our boyhood:

“There weire giants in those days.”

It will be-cherished a3 one of the most
prized of alitstle collection of autographed
firsteditiong, And with it I shall cher-
ish the memory of having spent a couple 3)
of hours with a well-known man who is ;
doing a noble work ‘himself and isnot
afraid to give the fullest credit to other
men who are doing @ thoble work—such
as the officers and fielid-workers of the _
Y.M.C.A., “who play sich a great for-
ward line to the Church’ts backing in the

great, great game,” as Cojnnor said.

 

et Sh

A: telephone -

‘built like a ate

ment

COLCHESTER NORTH.
William Clarke, farmer, of New
Canaan; went to. Detroit Wednesday
afternoon’ to visit thercity béfore it
goes “dry.” He imbibed too freely,
however, besides amuggling a bottle
of liquor for future use, which cost

him $50 in Windsor “polico court
Thursday,

WHEATLEY.

Miss Sadie Hickson ‘tag returned
from a visit to friends in Pontino,
Mich,* Milas Haze). Hickson accom:
panied her*home and will spond some
time with’ relatives hors. ‘3

Mrs. J. H. Atkinson was taken to
the hospital at Chatham on Tuesday
and underwent a: surgical operation.
At last reports she was doing as well
a3 could be expected, :

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

One day last week a flock of be-
tween 100 and 150 white swans were
seen flying over Gosfield South. The
sun was shining brightly and its rays
glinted like silver on the wings of the
stately birds on they sped on their
way to the northward.” This ts the
largest flock, so far as we know, that
has-ever been seen here. Last year
during the spring there were several
small flocks seen from time to ‘time
but none as large as this one, It ig
only since the wild geese have been
coming here in large numbers that
swans have been coming this way.

SOUTH WOODSLEE.

Herman Wilcox, son of Emerson
Wilcox, Belle River Road, had two
fingers of his right hand taken off in
a buzz-saw on Monday of last week.

While putting in the cartridge of a
shotgun to shoot a weasel, Glen Smith
accidentally shot off both barrels, one
charge entering his left foot, shooting
away the second toe and part of the
big toe.

Gorley. Crumb has purchased ahe
farm of John Wilcox, in the J1th con.
of Gosfield, for $6.500, and John Wil-
cox has bought the farm of Archie
Noble, Graham Side Road, for $10,700,
possession in. both cases, the first of
June,

a

TILBURY NORTH.

Julfen’ Daquette, a highly esteemed
resident of Tilbury North township,
passed away at the family residence,
concession 9, Tilbury North, Saturday
of Inst week. His death resulted from
luSgrippe and general debility. He
was born in Lacolle, Quebec province,
70 years ago, and he was a resident
of Tilbury North, and occupied the
same farm for the past forty years,
He served da a member’ of Tilbury
North council board for two terms
several years ago, and for a number
of years he was secretary-treasurer
of school section No. 7. He leaves to
mourn his loss “the widow, five sons,
Theodulo and Argille, of Windsor;
Fred., in the Northwest; Ernest, of
Romney, and Arthur, at.home; .also
two daughters, Mrs. Orvila St. Denis,
Tilbury North, and Miss Duquette, at

home.
aan ae

LEAMINGTON.

While visiting the Marsh Friday,
S.J. Lane met with a fal-which dis-
located his left shoulder: It was
with some difficulty that it was re-
placed the next morning and caused
him a good deal of pain. ~
-Chief-of Police -Lamarsh -had the
misfortune to have the middle finger
of his right-hand badly lacerated by. a
bursting botéle> The’ ligaments were
severed and the wound ‘required sev-
eral, stitches to close it up.

.C, B, Mann arrived home last week
from consulting ‘Mayo Brothers, the
celebrated specialists. of Rochester,
Ming. Thetr diagnosis: of his case
was not the same as that of Detroit
specialists, and they refused to oper-
ate upon him owing to blood pressure,

The Marsh onfon growers who were
held up the first three weeks, of April
by cool weather and wet spells, have
heen hard at work this week rushing
in the sced. A few got some oftheir
seed sown in’ the early part of April
and this seed, it is said, has begun to
sprout,

Mrs,-H. A. Setterington and Tittle
daughter Ruth, of Calgary, have re-
turned to Detroit after spending the
past week with Mr. and Mrs, S. Set-
terington, Erie street south, ‘

Alex. Campbell and family’ -have
taken up their residence at.their cot-
tage at the Inke, which they will ov:
cupy for the summer. Mr. Campbell,
who left here fifteen years ago, may
Inter. decide to remain in Leamington
permanently. 3

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Elford.

Epworth League held their annual
business meéting on Tuesday evening
of last week and elected officera as
follows: Hon. Pres., Rey. A. E. Mill:
gon; Pres. Frad. Elford; 1st Vi
Pres., Harriet Piper; 2nd Vice-Preb.,
Harry Taylor; 3rd Vice-Pres., Stanley’
Plerce;, 4th Vice-Pres., Thos. Piper;
Secretary,» Ben Quick; Treas. Will
Taylor; Organist, Lena Piford.—
Some evil disposed person came nenr-
ly causing damage and injury to some
autoists of thig vicinity on the even-
ing of ‘April 10th. A large pile of
wood was placed on thie din front
of the school at Barrettville, and
Lorne Elford in his auto came nearly

ning into same. The police from

ex ae Meena same
before it was. removed, «and: they
by working on. clue. * =
f . Gesto.

In connoction with the Victoria Day
celebration here, the Gesto Red Cross’
Society, Sig I » which will)
be in-charge of Mra. J. C. Workman,
Mrs, J. P. Pugh and-Mrs. P. D.-Mar-
tin. ‘Partios* desiring td contribute:

articles for the booth are! requested}.

to hand samé to any one. of the Aout

YH

‘Although Jocal coal dealers

XISTENCE

hat Mrs. G, A. Campbell, of
Powassan, Ont, says in desoribin;
Zam-Buk. She writes: « ,

“I biistorod my heoly badly by

wearing new shoes. Some dye from
my stocking got into it end caused
&@ poisoned gore. It was extremoly
painful and for a week J could not
put a shoe on. Then I. heard of
Zam-Buk and commenced using it.
It was just)wohderful the way tt
drow out the pojaon and inflamma-
tion, ended the pain dnd healed
the sore. Zam-Buk {is certainly the
finest balnt in existen¢e—overyone
should know of it”

= - Zam-Buk is also best for eczomn,
bolls, pimplos, ringworm, ulcors, old
sores, “piles, burns, ‘scalds|
All deafers or Zam-Buk Co., .To-
ronto. 60c. box, $ for $1.25.

WINDSOR.

Fire, which had its origin {n a‘de-
fective chimney, slightly damnged the
residence of John Anderson, Call-
fornia.-avenye, Sandwich, Friday
morning. .

While assisting to. unload a boat
at the Sandwich dock~ Friday morn-
ing, Peter McNabb, 38 years old, had
his right hand painftnlly lIncerated
when it was’caught in the gearing of
a holst.

Fire of undetermined origin on
Monday morning damaged the plant
of the Dominion Roofing Conipany, Mc-
Dougall street, Windsor, to the ex-
tent of $260.

Barristers A. B, Drake and Maxfield
Sheppard have been mentioned for
the magisterial vacancy, caused by
the death of Police Magistrate G. J.
Leggatt.

Committed for trial Friday on a
charge of causing the death of Mrs,
Agnes Okal, of Haztrarsck, who died
of injuries’ received when his auto-
mobile collided with an interurban
car at Brie street and Howard avenue,
Alexander Bult, Marion avenue, Wind-
sor, will be tried ot the next court
of competent jurisiictionat Sandwich.

Justice of the Peace Captain George
Cheyne, who will act a8 magistrate
in Windsor police court until ~ suc-
cessor is appointed to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Magistrate
Leggatt, Monday, reduced the fine
for drunkenness to $10. The “regula-
tion” fine, which has been in effect
for some months, was $15.60.

Returning to Windsor Friday morn-
ing, after leaving the Dominion with-
out permission,. Gabor Moldovan, an
Austrian, was arrested at the Wind-
sor ferry dock by Canadian {mmigra-
tion officers, He was arraigned in
Windsor police court Saturday. morn-
ing on a charge of violating the or-
der-in-council) which was passed to
regulate the movement of alien ene-
mies.

The Ontario Raitway and Municipa'
Board has given Windsor permission
to issuo debentures fopottia purchase
of 6,000 tons of coal, wihch will be
used as a reserve pilé next winter.
assert
thit coal cannot be purchased, the
city, will attempt to. charter a steam-
er that will carry Trot? 10,000
tons of hard coal as ‘soon, as naviga-
tion opens up. wa

‘Mrs. Margaret Fredericks,. 72 years
old, widow of the late’Henry Fred-
‘ericks, retifed farmer, died early Fri-
day morning, a¢ her home; “Howard
avenue, Windsor. Four daughters,
Mrs, ‘Charles. Mitchell, Windsor; Mrs.
‘Bertha Mitchell, Detroit; Mrs. Edith
Allen nnd Mra. Belle Beecroft, Wind-
sor; and four sons, Wilbert, Franklin,
Herman M. and Raymond Fredericks,
of Windsor, survive hefi* ss -

As Edward H. Ross, 82 years old,
one, 6f Windsor’e oldest residents,
was “returning to ;his .home Friday
morning, after working im his. war
garden, he was stricken with ‘heart
disease and expired before medical
ald could be summoned. Mr. Ross,
who was born in Detroit, had lived in
Windsor more than 50 years.” Until
a few years ogo he was jin the con-
tracting business. He lived at 8

Bridge avenue, Sandwich West.. Only

his wife survives. Burial was made
Monday afternoon in, Woodmere ceme-
tery, Detroit, following funeral, ser-
vices at the family residence:

Half a hundred Inborers employed
at. the plant of the, Canadian. Salt
Works, went on strike Tuesday of
last week and threatened. to S&tart
trouble when other men working in
the plant did not join them. So
riotous did they becomesthat a call
was sant inifpr police ald and Chief
Wills'@ent a squad of half" dozen
officers to the scene. At sight of the
Officers the strikers, most of whom
are alions, quieted down and asked
permission to return-to work. If
there fs any more trouble thé police’
will intern the foreigners.

Miss Anna Gowman, 16 years old,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs, ~ Frank
Gowman, 188 ‘Monmouth road, Wallk-
erville, Maxime — Dojarlais,. of
172. Caron avenues, Windsor, . suffered
fractured» skulls and ‘other injuries
Thursday afternoon in accidents. Miss
‘Gowman was, riding a bicycle home
from school when her machine akid-
‘ded; throwing her: oato: the coment
sd es gad She was .reported: to. be
in a serious conditiqgn Thursday
night. Dejariais, was injured when an
engine ran into him whila 4o was
riding a «motorcycle across tho rail-
way tracks on Howard avenue, just

outh of the Windsor city limits. He
-was' thrown 30. iy
‘right shoulder being
was rushed.to, Hotel
The ‘of Miss

112. Hall avenue, and’Leo:
yednesday miorning of last

sitt

SOME WARTIME ARITHMETIC

os ‘

Commended to the Teachers
For Use in Their Arithmetic
‘ Classes.

of Essex

We’ Cannot Preserve Freedom Uniess

We Conserve Food.

1—Mauary makes a cake costing 35c
for material and leaves one-seventh
of the batter in the mixing bowl fm
stead of scraping the dish clean. If
she does tliis once a week, how much
Money does he waste in a year?
Practice the Gospel of the Clean Plate

2—At Kate’s home the cheese was af
lowed to grow dry and lrarden and was
thrown away as uleless. ‘An average
Of 4 ounces a week was thus whsted.
The mother of Kate's playmate used
up all the dry cheese by grating it
and using {t In scalloped dishes; how
many pounds of’ cheese did she save
in a yéar by not being wasteful? How
much. money was saved. by careful
methods? (Price of cheese 38c a
pound.) yy ts
No Saving is Little

3.—In Peter’s war garden one crop
was tomatoes. His mother gave him
2c each for all she used during the
summer and he canned the rest for
winter use, His expenses were:
Fertilizer, insect powder, ete,
Fertidizer, insect powder, etc.

10
10

Peter sold 75 tomatoes to his moth-
er, and canned 20 quart cans, which
he sold at 18c each. What was his
net profit?

Let Us Eat What We Can, and Can
the Rest :

4.—If rats, mice, ants and insects
chusé a loss amounting to one per
ent, a week for every one of the
fifteen hundred thousand familles in
Canada, what is the total loss week-
ly? Yearly?

Serve No More Than Is Needed

5.—When company comes the Miller
family serves potatoes and three
other vegetables in addition to meat,
extra sweets and relishes. Ten per

fcent.of thé food prepared is- wasted }:

by being left on plates; and one-third
of what {fs eaten ts wasted because
{t fs Not needed for nutriment. If a
dinner served by ‘Mr. and Mrs. Miller
for themselves and six persons costs
$5.60, calculate the cost per person
and the total waste.

Wasteful Cooks Are Poor Patriots

6.—A wasteful cook makes a cake
containing 4 eggs (60c a dozen); 1
cup»butter (48¢ a pound of 2 cups);
1 coup of milk (1 quart: 4 cups, 11c¢
per quart); 24% cups of sugar (10c per
pound of 2 cups); and 4 cents’ worth
of other materials, The cake was
burned and went into the garbage
can. How much money did she
waste? ~ »

The Best of the Potato is Nearést the
Skin. .

7.—In paring potatoes, Mrs. Wood
cuts thick peelings, so that 20 per
cent. of the edible portion is wasted.
Potatoes are 40c a peck; the Wood
family ent «a peck every six days.
How much does Mrs. Wood waste in
4 year through her method: of paring
potatoes? Suppose this happens in
each of the 800 families in a Small
town, what ‘is the loss per year? ©

Save All Meat Fats

8.—Garbage contains about -40 tba.
of fats to the ton., In Germany fats
for cooking now sell at $460 per tb.
At’ this rate, what is the value of
the fats in one ton of garbage if. not
5 ted from Simcoe Re-
former. 6 ‘

SOAKING SEED TUBERS.
‘ CHECKS: POTATO SCAB

Soaking seed potatoes for one hour
in a _salution of four ounces of corro-
sive sublimate, to. 30 gallons of water;
will control rhizoctonia and common
scab if present, according to the Ohio
Experiment Station. The solution
must-be renewed after tho third using, |
If only scab is present, a solution of
one pint of formaldehyde to 30 gal-
lons of water may be used instead,
and the potatoes should be soaked an
hour and a half, This solution ¢an-
be’ used indofinitely.

If the potatoes are treated.lang be-
fore planting, they should be spread
out to dry. The same solution should
be used to disinfect bags, crates and
Lplanter, used in handling the seed
tubers. :

Rotati6n of crops also. tends to con-
trol these diseases, as thoy dive over
in the soil. Liming may tend to in-
creas@,scab, but will not couse it un-
less the soll or seed is already infect-
ed, while rhizoctoninsthrives best+in’
an acid soil. \

URGES ABUNDANT, FOOD
SUPPLY FOR CORN CROP

Ohio Experiment Station Suggests
Acid Phosphate, Limestone and
Manure for Largest Yields

) ~Acid phosphate, lime and stable ma-
Nure are mientioned by. apecialists of
the Ohio Experiment Station as the
best miterials to use for increasing
corn’ yields. The application of these
materials, before corn planting, has
resulted: in a sufficiently greator crop
to niore than pay the cost of treat-

ment, : #
Acid phosphate by itself in: tests at
Wooster: has increased the yield of
cori 7% buetéla from, an application
of 80 pounds per acre. Combined with
manure $20 pounds of acid phoaphete
has increased the yield nearly 35
bushels per acre. Stall manuré ‘by
Dushels-{fom ai olghiston, application.
jushals from an oa! Application,
-The acid phosphate wa mixed with
a eh the rate of n pounds
of the fe er per ton_of manure,
and both erp ajréadion the field ‘be-
eaten eam ak pein ks Heh tate An

“Two of ground liriestone a
plied atter plowing for cannin, a five:
oats, wiigte clover
timothy, has increased the yjeld

than 10 bushels; per acre. '
cost of the limestone bh
$6. | Thin cost haa be

BIO BUYINO ADVANTAGE 7:

~ SECOND—No: defays, and’

_ eller your goods right to
your door im perfect com-.
dition. , gos

THERD—We goarantee to seft

* at prices as tow or [a

thaw you can get any. pines:
else im Canada. -

And it leaves your money at homo whore it will get sroud to you agela
ney VISIT OUR-STORE TO-DAY AND YOU WILL BE CORVINCED “By

re

 

iL. B

ERTRAND

MURRAY STREET, EAST

Phone’ 20 *

Repniring, and Upholstering_ promptly done.

 

Or

BION Ns

020.0 eso1ase

TATOIDO

The “Traction” or “Special”

mark 1s On every pavement

and road in
of Canada.

every portion

@ Either mark

is the sure sign that all is

well ahead.

9259 >a!

Ey

2

3

0:2).0°3

sOl0l0 oO, Olglold ole:

: ' bett-+4+ $b+44

+
+
>

see Pbbt

PUBLIC. HEALTH NOTICE.
TOWN OF AMHERSTBURG.

THE BOARD OF HEALTH wishes to draw
the attention of the citizens of the Town
of Amherstburg 10 the’ following:—

4, ‘That under Clause 6 of the Munidipal
By-law’ In. the new Healtn Act, the time or
the year is at band when all householders
must make o gaperal cleaning up of their
premises snd remove all garbage and man-
ure from their yards and “that same must

bo. completed before May 1st
by-law. laid down by the Provincial

Board of Health 18 in force: in all munici-

alitivs, and the following sections from

nat By-law will be strictly enforced:
PRIVIES, OUTHOUSES, ETC.

414. No privy-vault, cesspoo) or reservoir
Into whicte a Driv » Water closet, stable or
dink (6 drained, -sball’ be ostablished- until
thé approval in writing of the. Medical
Health OMcer has been obtained,

48. The next preceding section shall not
apply ie earth privies or earth closcts
without a

WE HAVE |

vault below the surface of the

round, Dut suMcient dry earth, who
Fines. cr conte@shes tO alsorb all: the tuid
arty o (the deposits must be thrown upon
he contents of such earth privies and
cloyets daily, and the contenta whpn re-
moved must bo.placod in a shod .on box
hwith rain-proof cover, und removed Trom
the promises at lesst.once 4 Bhp on. or be-
fora the frat, dky of May. Those not con-

nected with” a sower, must’ be mado fy

proof.

46. All sinks must be, properly tapped,
close fo the sink. ha! i

17. It 18 against the law to bury dead:
anim within the municipality without
having first obtained permission from) the
local authorities. :

: SWINE.

20. Swine shall not Do kept within the
limits of said NUAIAD AMY, except Vat
mitt; noor Kagt ree of standing, Want a
rol 1
RSet Jeast one. hundred. féet: from

ae house) school how:

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,

JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR, SASH,
RUBBEROM ROOFING,

Place your order with us-and save money

Et ed ‘
Planing Mill and Lumber Yard’ -
AMHERSTBURG, ONT. ;

Your Garaveman Stocks
Dunlop Tires.

N STOCK }
Sani tary Notice —

VILLAGE OF HARROW. ‘ :

All persons permitting the deposit of
manure, refuse or flth-upon thor. prem:
fses, or jn any lane or street, will bo prose-
cuted if the said deposit is not removed’ at
once,

All slaugbter-houses must be 200 yards
from. any’ dwelling house and 70 yards
from any Street and must be kept clean:

All wells: and cisterns must”™be cleaned
out before July ist of each com This
rule will be strictly enforew® by the Sani-
tary Inspector.

No privy vault or cess-pool allowed un-
Jess water-tight.

fa aty Searle
wii 7
Hike “weanly, .
Evety householder ana every hotel or
Sinneat etindeg i pouty oe
wo of all 7 rr! ~
cred roceptacie, the contents of - which
shall be regularly rpmoved twice a week. ,
No hogs shall be kept except: in’ pens
with noors Treo from. standing: Water and
regularly cleanod and» disinfected, — Pons
must bo at least 100. feet from any house,
School or.church. +
Tho Keeper of ev livery. or
stable, hall Stn his stable and
ard clean an
wo wason loads ‘of manure to-accumilate
inate. ar such Eure ay at ae
eu! & recep!
to protect it from rain or

aie til We poder ettened as

mubt be kept supplied
or ashes and eantente Te-

for sale: ‘s
protected: Tron ies and dust.

other,
table-"

Th not permit: more than ~—

>

© The’ Nosrd of Health expect. the cb-op- °

aoa esa att os

a
in

J >
a
’ %
*

ce

&

oa

mh

 
 

i | Note the Low Prices and Act Quick! |:
$455 Paver Spl $95 Piao Secal—=)~S*$55 0 Ty

‘ z § ial ;
Beautiful Girard~ Heintzman & (Co. Player-Piano, :

 

 

88 note. First-class Upright Piano, 4 fé 1 in. high; Rosewood case: Piano Case Organ, six octaves; Walnut case; looks like a
7 aad Mahogany case. In perfect condition. with $150 worth $465 | OVerstrung scale. Full iron plate and in.good repair. piano and has been put in first-class repair. *
# 8 i » 9 23 = e ! | Fi = :
: of music free. Regular price $850. Sale Price sce seen | Regular price $375. Sale BT ICe i oes rete gt $95 Regular price $125... Sale PICO i scene viele sinis ='0, oe at ee 35
aa » Player Attachment.
4 bo

 

Fit any Piano, was $250. Special for this sale, $20.
ig Partial List of Wonderful Piano Bargains

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

| ° . a ° ; S49
| Partial List of Square Piano and Organ Bargains.
. ie English Upright Piano, Circass Walnut | Wormwith Piano, Walnut case; 4 ft. 6 in. | Stevenson Square Piano, Rosewood) case and Karn & Co. Plano Case Organ, six octaves,
ey tit case, was $325, | high. -In.perfect tone: fully guaran- | in first-class repair. Was $650. = Look d nd-has beautiful f
2 B. 4 RIO PTICe! ey or Se eee ot $55 teed. Was $375. Sale Prides. cee $245 | Sale Price Sa Saas dass Spire eee Cae wees $30 t mae Was $145. a Pie. os BL eed $35 E
¢ ay a Stevenson Upright Piano, 4 ft. 10 in. high: Grinnell Bros. Piano (Own Make), Oak jase. | J. B. Hale & Co. Square Piano, handsome Doherty Organ, five octave, Walnut case, and il :
4 £ beautiful tone and first-class condition. $210 Unlimited guarantee. Used only about $265 } carved legs and in Perfect repair and has been fully repaired,
} ; Was $500. “Sale price. .2...2. 04.0.5 20. one year. Was $350. Sale prite 32 4-5 i tone. Was $700. Sale:Price....>, 2... ... $55 Was $100.. Sale Price ee $10
Far Grinnell Bros. Piano (Own Make), unlimited } Heintzman & Co. Piano, Louis XV. design, | Heintzman & Co. in beautiful condition. tone | Thomas Organ, five octave, and’ thoroughly
| guarantee; Mahogany case, + $220 Looks like new. Fully guaranteed. $450 | perfect and case refinished. : ¢ overhauled. Worth $25. : :
on Was $850. Sale price......... aoe | Was $525. Sale Drivers 253 See | Was $800. pale” Prices «1, ns $65 | Sale Price Ue DOCG TCE IRON AAP ES Yate oe $8
q EDISON TALKING MACHINE AND RECORDS, «in good playing. condition. Was $55. Sale Price: =. .00-
4 We allow full purchase price in exchange for new Pianos, Player-Pianos, or Grand Pianos onor before two years
| from date. Come in and select your instrument, also make your own terms. Store open evenings til] 9 P M..
ee es ®
ey

E. G.MILLIGAN,
Manager. ae

 
  
   
      
   

    

*:

e i i A IN —The premisea were coming’ down,

i dials ANY COUNEX- and for the last few weeks of their
* existebce were being used as an
auction room by. certain keenlooking
benefactors of humanity. The auc-
“onter was.endeavoring to dispose of q
4 stock of beautifullylabelled cigars,
“y4 in |and he grew quite eloquént as he de-
. seribed their virtues,- “In short, gen-
ward | Uemien.” he endedvtp, “you can't get
2 joint felon the floor tt better. I don’t care where you go, you
Stionise tie The Fotiig ata gs) can’t get better—yon can't “get bet-

Was upset, and shrieked: “Now w «| ter!” “NO. you wane get better,
fost our dinner.” The maid alone kept | broke>in a bystander. I smoked one
" ber head—and the béef.- Like oil on | last. week, and,I Haven't recoyered
ublé raters came’ the ca} © 7 | yen” .
“indeed, ian an ye meres & be | —Recently an entertainment. Bele
I've got me fur on it.” bes by the " pupils of @ Public
;

 
    
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  

—Mr. and Mrs, Thomas E. McDéer- MILITARY. SERVICE AcT.
mott (nee Elizabeth Bellecoure) spent - :
Thursday with Mrs. - Andrew Belle-| ¢ imi tion of Po f
cbure...Mr."McDermott left with. his ay Absciieg’ Boat, er
company Saturday for Camp Custer. ;’. ii! 3 goat =

>-Thedford’s SL TES Men eave’ of Absence Boards are
bune, fas ceased publication and: the established for the purpose of dealing
subscription list has been taken over with the cases of men who have been
by" the Forest Standard. These are| ordered under the Military Service
certainly hard» times for the weekly | act to teport for military duty, but
news papers. i who think thee fs good feason why

—A couple of Kilties were walking, they should, nevertheless, be allowed
slong one day when. a man behind | 45 continue for @ period in civil’ life.
them remarked to h{s companion: — ] 7, < srounds on vwiiich they seek this
There ¥0 ‘two g00d patriots. They may be compassionate grounds or
are not only willing, to bear arms: for business grounds. The authority
thelr country, but bare legs as, well” | nich established these Boards has,

—Writing of a Zeppelin raid on however, set limitations to their pow-
London an American woman who lives era, some of which are as follows:

In that city tells ofa little girl who 1. Applications not presented to the
exclaimed dh great excitement: po Oh. Commapifing ‘Officer of the 1at Depot
lady, guess what G did jast night!” Battalion, W.O.R. (the unit to which
Who?” asked the lidy, failing to un- draftees are essigned) within one
derstand that thé thild referred to Week after the man reports for duty,
the Almighty. “God, God,” she shriek- cannot bé received. :
ed. “He sent usa baby—came down | ~ 9) Men surrendering or arrested as
with the Zeppelin, and we're going defaulters are no Jonger entitled to
to name her Zeppeltina.”

—Word was received Thursday, of

claim exemption. \
last week that 9,000 bushels of Dela-

—Any member of thé
army stationed In Ths
has a lower category

Ee be granted le. of absenc

| i pay “un-il J 15th for {
providins they are experienc

agriculture.

+The serving maid was awk

  

 

 

  

    

  
       
 
 

    
  
 
  
  
     
   
 
 

  
  
   

 
 

     
  
   
       
   

    
   

   
  

   
          
   
     

Site particulary trom tne|aciool. “Tue Yond imoihérs at Roary
“A westy are biz purctiasé¢rs of. motor |i] the. youngsters were ‘as abled in
cars this year, ecording to \W.. G.| the audience? Finally the boy orator
Robertsun, of the Ontaris © Motor|of the occasion arose, . Friends, Ro-
Motor League. He eald that !t {1 prob-| hans and countrymen,” he began in
able that at Yegst 160,000 new cars | loud yoice,, “lend me your® ears.
will be sold in Canada this year. ray |e ere whispered one of the fond
mers are coming to regard the anto-|Mothers to the woman next mw) her.
mobile -as ‘part, of their farm équip-|“Eeknew it! Just lke his mother!

! ment. “Just like his mother?” retaurned the
—An inéreasé in the price of cigar-| other wonderingly. “Yes,” answered
ettes was detided rpon by the largest | Mie first: “He's Mary. Jones’ boy. He
tobacco ‘manufacturers ‘in Montreal|Wouldn’t be his mother's con if_he

       

 
 

 

 

   
     
    

    
  
   
 
 
  
    
    
     
  
   
    
   

   
   

 
 
 
  

   
 
   
 

  
  
  

 
  
    

   

 
   
  
   
  

3. Where application for leave of}

  
     
 
 
   
   
 

    

absence are presented cases which
J ware husking seed corn had been se have been dealt with by the Tribun.|:
Monday. <Under the new scale of|didn't want to borrow something. cured and will be distributed to’ Es- | als established under the Act, the. de-
prices given out Cigarettes will coat —In Mississippi they tell of a young | sex andvKent county farmers by T. S.

wholesalers 20 per cent. more,” and| lawyer retained to defend
the ultimate consumer will be called

on to pay for the {nerease. The pre-
sent 10¢ package will cost 13c or two

i for a quarter’ and 15¢ packages will
4 cost 18¢ or two for 35c,

a4 man
charged with the theft of a pig. The

young. min seemed determined. to
convince the jury that he ‘was born

clsion ‘of the Tribunala should not be}:
overridden by the Léave: of Absence
Boards (except in case of farmers)

Biggar, of Walkerville, acting for the
the Canadian Government. Tests
madé by F. W. Johnson, of Walker- unless, subsequent to guch decision,
ville, and F. L, Fancher, of Chatham, Circumstances have arisen which, had’ ie
to shine, and accordingly he deliver- | showed: the seed to have high ger. they existed at the time the case was
ed the following exordium: May it|minating qualities,

  
   

        
    

    
       
    
 
  
 
  
     
    
    
  

     
       
    
 
  

    
  

 

   
    
   
      
   
  

      
   
  
   

 

   
   

     
 
    
    
     
  
 

  
 
  
    
     

  
 
   
    
    
 
   
 

Si
pric
in a
The price of Del- considered by the Tribunal, ~would < ; mar
—Through a mistake made dy cf-|please the court and gentlemen of|aware is $3.75 a bushel. When all have justified the granting of éxemp- ‘talk
ficers in command of o clearing depot|the jury, while Europe {is bathed in| costs are added, the corn will be sold | tion. le)
at-Quebec, men of the Canadian first blood; while classic Greece is strug-| to farmers at approximately: $5 a| 4, The “foregoing paragraph does to 9
scontingent -who ‘are; op furlough in| gling for her rights and Iiberties and | bushel. hot apply to the ¢ase of farmers for
the Dominfon were orilerad to report | trampling’~the unhallowed. altars of —A very interesting action against |the reason that jn most instances Fi
at’ Halifax, N.S, by May Ist. This|the heardless infidels to dust, while|the Order of Canadian Home Circles | neither the Local nor the Provinejal
order has been cancelled, and the|the United States, entering the war, |to recover $3,000°insurance on the life | Appeal Tribunals ‘were aware of the M
Vélerans, who served mor than} shines forth the brightest orb in the| of Mra. Rachel A, Baker, of Nixon, | seriousness of the situation. for
three years In the trenches, will be political sky—I, with due diffidence, | Norfolk county, has been dismissed | Such cases may, (therefore, te dealt
allowed another two weeks. “arise to defend the case of this hum. by Justice Sutherland, Mrs, Baker, a/with by the Leave of Absence Boards
—The Canndian “Tightahip Falken fble hog thief.” . pert farmier’s -wife, joined the order in
»Fesumed her station~on Southeast

       
 
      
   
  
 
   
 
   
 
 
  
    

after the claims have been refused by
the Local or Appeal Tribunals.¢ The

Principles laid down by the Centrat|~
Appeal Judge, however, must be
strictly followed, ‘Furthermore, if an
individual case has been before the
Central Appeal Judge and ho- has re.
fased: leave: to appeal or has disal-

—Senator. George Sutherland: of 1893, her monthly premium being. $3.
Shoal, last week. The Falken- has | Utah relates the following: Oné even-| In May, 1914, her premium was ad-

completed repairs’to damoz} received |ing a young man attended a clrcus, | vanced ‘to $21.79 a month. She was
when she was. suyk in the jem av] where one of the big features of the|68 at this time, and was in a position
Peloo Island Jast ‘win-er Capinin| show was, a beautiful Hon-tamer.|}to make the payments, Her son car-
John Bernard. of Amiierithurz. iz in| Entering’ the ring, followed by the|ried on the insurance for some months
command of the Falkon this season, |'Von, the fiir charmer placed aYump|but stopped his Inst cheque, under-

having ‘succeeded Capraty-s. A. Mc. / Of sugar between-her lips, whith the | standing the order was going to apply |laved the claim for exemption, leave}
Cormick, who retired during the win- |.ing of the forest took from her teeth | his mother’s share in tho distribution af absence should not be granted un-
ter and has purchased the interest of; with his teeth. Instantly the youth }of the reserve to the Dayment ‘of less, in the meantine, a serious
+3, ES Smith, ‘grocer, in the Barlow &/eat up and began to take notice. | premiums. His mother died in Octo- urred in the man’s cir-
Sinith firm. “Great stunt all right.”. he enthusias- ber, 1914. The order refused to pay | cumstances Which ‘would justify: such
—Tho fall wheat crop of Ontario will tically shouted to the performer, “but the insurance on the ground that Mrs. action. Fe) i Vorshae
8 long way below the average thin} can do it,too!” “or course,” scorn- Baker, not having paid the monthly) %. No “pplication for leaye 1s to be
year. Unfavorable weather Jast fall re-| fully replied the pretty performer, | A8seasment for August, 1914, by Sep- | considered except in cakes of extreme
duced. the acreage put in crop to about] who didn’t like her -act minimized,‘tember 1st was in arreara, and suc- t
600,000, as compared with . 700,000)“but do you really ‘think you can?” cpssfully contested the suit brought
im. 1916, anu an average. of |“Moxt assuredly.” was the Prompt re- against it.
over 800.000 for the 26 » years |foinder of the young man, “just as| —The Watford

ding with 1917. Very small} Wwell-as the lion,”
growth’ was made in the seeding Inst

; and'-severe frosts before snow
ie subjected t

sul he” young -plants to
trying conditions. -

 
 
  
    
 
    
 

     
   
  

  
   
 
     
  
    
   

   
  
    
   

  

     

     
   

   
   
    
     

 

    
      
  

  
     

 

  
    
      
  

 

 

+E) Comet

    
    
     
   
   
 
    

    
     
   
     

   
  
   
   
    
  
   
    
 

   

business . anseas.
11,250,000 as* a
Government’

   
    
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 

          

  
  

    
  
  
 
   
    
   
  

municipal. council, |R.
as authorized by the Ontario Legisia-

by-law to’ take over |f
all vacant lots for cultivation.

y
person-desiring a vacant lot. for
gardening or raising produce thereon
should apply to the council at once,
and unless the owners use such. lots
for production or revenue purposes,
then any: person elso may do 60 with
the permission of the council, without}

-compensation tothe owner. The

‘Ontario Government in pasaing j ‘ofthese fa
law is di ard F quests

frous that. h oo
should remain idle ‘and wapr pra

    
  
    
    
   
   

 

 
     
    

 

Jalt with the
@ecisions. were,

  

  
 
  
 

oe Sb beet eeteeeey

 
 
  

i
   

  
   

re
a”

TO-DAY each.one must dedde for himself ‘what economy means. ‘It doesn’t mean to stop buying the things you need. It -
‘means getting full value for each expenditure so that your money will go as far as possible. It means saving that margin we
used ‘to spend thoughtlessly for the “Highest. Price ” things, imagining they were necessarily the best.

. In fact, the economy of to-day really means THRIFT. '

 
         
 

 

7

: » Take: fe matter of Clothing; the money you spend for Clothing i : BOYC E’S. FO R GOO DC LOTH ES 3

a very imporant {tem. You may be paying too much for your Clothing. oy
7 bey * s) ° e
You know; of course, that Clothing, like everything else, has gone ; BOYCE S for Economy in Clothing
‘up dn price, but there is a limit to the price whieh it is necessary to pay

for Good Clothing, Suits for Men "12 to *30 Suits for Boys 55 to 512

 
       

  

 
 
 

 
 
     

 
 

  
   
   
   
   
 
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
     
     
     
   
   
   
   

    

A large number attended a demon-
stration given at John Birch's farm,
Tuesday afternoon, by the Essex Trac-| -
tor Co., which showed the work which
could 6e done with one of their ma-
chines, The fleld was too wet, how-
ever, for good results and another
trial will be made this week. Farmers
are taking seriously to the tractor
fdea as one way of accomplishing
work that must de done and for Which
ny help eaunet ‘be seciired, and z rieee

z ge, west on the Harrow machines show up well, ‘no doubt a
eae hows number of them will be installed on

The Baptist Sunday school meets) 41 knitting and sewing for the Wo-|our local farms,
next Sunday morning at 10 o'clock, | jon, Institute will please bring it in| Municipalities west of Blenhelm on
followed by jpreaching service at 11.) nay 16th, when the bale will be|the Pere Marquette, including Col-
The evening Sospel service will be at) 1, nied for shipment. chester South, will appeal to the Rall-
7.30 p.m. The W/M.S, of the Methodist church | way Board for a more frequent and

Harrow Miission Circle haa changed} 6+ friday last at the:home of Mrs, {efficient service. The people on’ the
the date of jits meeting to the second! wWiiiam Taylor.» Reports of the Dis-| Pere Marquette have forwarded the
Sunday, afternoon of the month at 3/ trict convention recently held in Ruth-| grounds for thelr grievances to both
a'clock. Tine next meeting is at the ven, were given 6y Migs Ella Wright)heim, The dgerievéed shippers state
home of Mits. C. I Pastorius. and Mrs, Husser. The following of-|county and are demanding that the

The Pubilic school trustees DUr-| joerg wore appointed for the coming \former passenger train service be’ re-

: a ; chased the Hanns property, compria-| onferance year:—Hop. Pres., Mrg.|stored afd an improvement follow in
Hea t ing 33 feet ‘full length of the school
’ Vv ealthy and- Wise

  
    
  
  
   
 

¢ “HARROW. 7 Rubber

Sb PEEP PeTEE EEE hb beh

Mr.-and Mrs. Cornelius Wright are
home after gpending the most of the
winter with their son, Aden Wright,

linda.
a H. Ferriss sold the Stocker two

houses and jets in West Harrow to
John Quick, taking in the deal Mr.

Heels

If you knew the spring’ and comfort
they give you would get your shoes

equipped right Sway.
20c pair 2 pair for 386

THE SENTINEL’ STORE

ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW.
petiasee ana ca Deki itll

Garden Seeds

ica Seeds are seeds that you can depend on. They are the best In the —

 
  

   
  
    
      
   
   
   
   
   
  

  
     
     
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
   

    
    
     
    
 
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
    
    
     
    
  
    
   
 

 

 

You know we have always given you the best satisfaction in seeds.
New customers will find ours the best that can be obtalned,

   
   

We are careful in our selection and careful to keep them separate after
we get them, so that they are always true to name,

TOMATO, CABBAGE and RADISH for early sowing.

We have BEANS, PEAS and SWEET CORN in good vartety, and all
Kinds of general Vegetable and Flower Seeds. ;

SUGAR BEET Seed 1s scarce, but we have it.

 

   
   
   
     

 

    

     
 
  
  
   
     
    
   
  
      

  
  
   
    
   
   
   
    
 
  
  
  
    
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    

   
  
  

E. F. DARBY, HARROW

DRUGGIST _ OPTICIAN . STATIONERY

NOTARY PUBLIC
eee ———— ss

ee

_. Chick. Feed !

      
   
   
  
       
    
    
  
    
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
   

C, L Pastorius; Pres,, Mrs. (Dr.) Hus-|the local service over the entire Can-

: lot, which will greatly improve the) .4,- vice-Pres, Mrs. Mary Shepley; |adian division. A shipper having largo

is I 5 / school efte. Mrs. Hanns fs given the Rec sec. Mrs. Robert Hilton; Cor. | business interests writing claims that

ide a eve an e house in tthe deal and will move it to}¢,.° Miss Nina Hughson; Treas, Mrs.|it takes from one to two weeks Yor a

oa some othiar site. . Norman Wright; Supt. of Christian | consignment from London to reach its

Half dozen young men from here | stewardship, Mrs. I. Pastorius; Asst,,|/destination on the line west of Blen-
called to Windsor Tuesday for

% cf were Mise Ella Wright; Supt. of Mite Box-|helnt, ‘The aggrieved shJppers state
Or be tter still fotioe sae ioat eh es, Mrs,-A. Munger and Mrs, A, Vick-|that they have been heavily taxed. for
all off those who -

ers; Supt. of Mission’ Band, Mrs. A.|the establishment and construction of
atfam-been placed in Class D were DOW | cunningham; Supt. of Outlooks, Mrs./|tHe line and now only ask that ‘they

. found to fhe in Class A, and were 80/Wwm. Hughson. : During the year the be given a reasonable recognition by
Yive @ ray-vor placa ee
ch Ww

 

 

 

   

    
   
   

    
   
     
  
   
  
   
   

 

 

   
 
 
   
  

 

 

1 t society has {ncreased from 17° to~40{the company. The trains which have
The ‘Women's Institute

members, and in addition several oth-
their amnual meeting Wednesday af- ers haye already united for the com-
ternoon: ‘in’ the town hall, Harrow.

ing year. During the year the so-
The primcipal {tems on the program | ciety raised about $186, besides send-
will. be tthe President's and Secretary's

. ing over 60 quarts of canned fruit
|reports mnd the ‘election of officers./and a bale of goods to the Methodist
Mrs, Byam Clark willbe in charge.

Deaconess Home, Toronto, valued at
William = Merrifield, of ‘Ridgetown,

$58.70.
{s buyinn; a -Carload of horses here

————— *
this weelk. James Drummond is steer: | b-b-b-b+44-b4 bbb tthe t
ingi him tto where the good ones are.

The owners are holding for higher t COLCHESTER SOUTH t ley, of Cottam, spent Sunday at the

prices justt now than the eastern Mara) ppp p ppp d epi bddebtebt-ba be (home of J. R. Balkwill,—Mrs. H. L.
kets warreint, and’there is difficulty {n) wyiitam Wright, who has been seri-] Hedges {s visiting at her old home

securing tthe required number. ously ill. is improving. near Woodstock.—The Home Depart-

Next Sunday the Lord's supper will| 4” J. Fox sold-a fine black Perch-|ment met Inst. week at the home of
be dispenised in the Methodist church} ron mare to a Ridgetown buyer on|Mrs. Oliver Fulmer.—Mrs, Karl Fal
at the mojrning service. Every mem-| wednesday. mer-and son are visiting at Aniherst-
ber as fatr as possible is expected to} Quarterly meeting at Central Grove! burg, at the home of her mother, Mrs,
be present. Services on the old time. | sunday at 3:30.°Communion. Preach-|D. L. Crawford.—Georgé Buchanan {fs
11 am., subjtsct, “Sanctified Through |ing by Rev, Williams. loading pressed*tiay at Arner station
the Truth”; «evening, .7.30, subject: } Mr. and. Mrs +H. R. Cornwall and|this week. This is the second lot of
“Building © 'Life.” Everybody wel-}jittle son spent the week-end in De.|hay he has shipped this season. This
come, ~|troit and Amherstburg. man George has us” all beat in the
. A. On, Kea, former laundryman :if) Dap Denno and rd Tofflemire,.| production line. His farm consists of
thf. vill » fis In trouble. tn Windaor,ltwo of our sick o on; fre reach- | 2b acres; he keeps-in-the.nolghborhood
but not throwigh any lessons learned |ing a critical stageiand the end {a of a dozen hend of cattde, two or three
while a residfent here. A _rald- was |'expected soon, horses, and ‘soveral hogs, and sells
made on his tiremises by Police Sergt.| A, Agin, agent for the Guardian Fire|considerable hay each \year.—Roy'
Cadé, who treported findins several} Insurance Co., has settled in full with |Green, of Essex, spent Sunday. at- the
Dipes and & quantity f opiiim, and| A. Wright for his recent loss by fire|home of his sister, Mrs. R. J. Hicks, g

Kee was chiirged with keeping anjon the Hichmond def a 6th con, KING a 3
another of their iitapeating patriotic Gus. LD SOUTH, of q S ] L ‘

   

   
  
  

been removed, they say, were left off
the amended schedule, because the
company claimed at the time there
was a shortage of coal, but now hay-
Ing heating material in abundance the
business men and residents are de-
manding that the service be restored.
Zion.
Miss Maud and Dency ‘Bruner, of
Ruthven, >spent Sunday iat their
aunt's, Mrs. M. Fulmer’s+-Miss Srig-

The baby chickens need the. celebrated PURINA CHICK FOOD—
the proper diet for your chicks, i

‘We are now introducing to this district two other “PURINA”

   
  
    
  
 
   
   

      
    
  
   
    
    
    
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
  

       
  
   
  
    

   
   
    
    
  
   
 
    
  
   
  
    

products of great value to chicken raisera— +
PURINA SCRATCH FEED—the balance food for large chickens,

Makes them happy—miakes-them lay.

    
    
  

PURINA CHICKEN CHOWDER for large and small chickens—A great

conditioner, F. H. FERRISS

   
     
   
     
    
  
    
     
   
 

      
   
   
  
   
 

     
 

We believe the GRAY-DORT to be the -best

car on the market at the price.

It’s. Remarkable Power, the Comfortable
Upholstery; Extra’ Fine Finish and Quality
Throughout, together with the responst-
bility of the makers serve to prove this.
You will be convinced when you see it.

-] C, RICHARDSON, & SON

“= GENERAL HARDWARE.
‘ HARROW ~—

 
   
 

   

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
HARROW Phone5

    

   
 
  
 
  
  

   
  
    
       
    
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
    
     
    
  
   
     
   
  
    
   
  
   
     
   
   
  
 
   
     
  
   
    
    
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
   

 

 

      
      
  
      
  
   
   
 
   
    
    
    
  
   
  

 

     
  
 

WOOL! WoOL!”- Wool I

We are Paying at the

   
    
    
   
    
  

    
   
  
  
 
    
  
  
   
    
 
 
  

  

'

 

   
     
   
    
   
   
      
   
  
  
   
   
    
  
     
  
   
  
   
   
  
     
    
  
    
    
   
  
   
    
     
   

     
  
  
 
      
   
    
        
     
  
     
  
   
     
      
   
  
 

      
   

  

 

 

 

     
    
   
   
  

     

opium dan. Hf pleaded not guilty and
was sgmandosn for a, weok. at ©
A resident: of Harrow comptmins|teas at the hame.of Mrs.. W. D: Me- ;

that owners ‘of traction engines are|Voy,-Wedhesday attamon’ | Mrs. Jon MeCras, of the fourth

disregarding tihe law of ithe Jand as} NOTICE—AIl those who have’ or- dent. ow Wah b | bt WF, 2 Se tere

well as the law; of common sense and | dered corn and have bought elsewhere inetia pe . ee Pik. ag rv a fallen
willbe held regpon#ible for their or 4 nee by iN y aa kicked Ene Aiea
der, John Cornwall, Harrow. adhd her log broken: ¥

   
  

Webster’s Harness
are about cleaned out, but we have-SIX SETS OF TEAM

FARM HARNESS left at prices from $40 to $60. This
price is the best in the County.

bout a dozen LADIES’ RAIN COATS
Mak mee will sell for less than cost.

See the Men's and Boys Shoes—from $2 up.

Webster & Thrasher

‘HARROW, ONTARIO.

efoeforfcs

   

fairness by drijving their heavy en-
gines ‘over Cent crossings, and
breaking them. At lenst- four spcts
broken in this ‘way wero instanced.
It would be 4, Wéry ensy matter for
tractfon owNGirs to use planks on cé-
ment crossingis, as damages done by
the machines; ‘have to be paid for by
villagers thenijselyes, = 2

; The concert put on by the Harrow
Choral Socletsy Thuraday and Friday
evenings of lnist week in the Methodlat
church was Gine of the ’ finest ever
given here. ‘To all lovers of choice,
high class Yijusic, and fine art in read-
ing selectlojn at was a rare feast. The
singing bY. ‘the Choral Class of fitty,
voices, unda; the able leadership of
J. H. Madill; was very fine and some
selections Wire thrilling, ‘Readings
by Mrs. Gordojn Fox and Mrs. Howard
Chope wore Wij! received and heartily
encored. — Pianig selections’ by Miss} gra{tiswas sowed. Seed corn Is com-
Beatrice Boyce, fyron Bede and Miss ing In fast now and if fayorable weath-
Eva Bondy, Miss Cornelia Boworlng|er {s handed. ut for the planting of
and Mabel Fox were also oncored. | this ataple crop, the “Banana Belt”.
One ‘of tho greatest treatd wore the’ should blossom like @ rose this season.
violin selection); phy Mise Esther. Tob-|) The East Harrow Mutual Improve-
ler, of Detrolt:, Miss Tobler ia alment Society will hold: its next meet- |
musician Of Thre skill both in, her/ing "Thurs ay evening, May 9th, at

selections and ‘in her execution. She|the home of Thomas Wride. tt will

evidently has the soul of music, and|be a “Mothers’ gram.” Rev.
certainly touchiod the hearts of the I

      
   
     
  
   

   
 
 

      
  

My seed corn is in and I am de
livering it. Alk those who ordered
corn .come and get it.“ Also’ other
parties can have all they want. John
Comwaill. -
James Grant has a gooso that be-
Ieves -in greater production. -Tues-
day she laid} an egg which. was 14
inches. around lengthwise, 10% inches
around. the other way, and welghed
144 pounds. \ a
Oxley Methodist church services
Sundny next at 3 p.m., old time, The
Rey, J. EB. Russ wil speak. At the
close the pastor will dispenso the
Lord's supper. Every member as tar
fas possible is expected to be present.
Spring crops are bhginning to show
up fine, Oats especially are a pleas-
ing sight. A large: acréago of this

» Arner. ‘i

Wm. Abbott is giving the Farmors’
new store a coat of paint.—John Lott
is somewhat better this waek—no-
bina Agla gave a dirthday tea to her
girl friends Sunday.—Jamex McGIID)
is loading aycarload of hogs this week.
—James Brimner’s spent last Sunday
In=the city—Miss Nina Srigley, of
Leamington, Js visiting at J. R, Balk-
will’s.—Miss Ritchie spent-n few days
in the city this weék.—Mi33 Robina
Agila entertained a few of her friends

 

-AS FOLLOWS: ;
UNWASHED COARSE....,,60 to 62c, '

UNWASHED FINE, ........63°to 68¢.
~The Brown & Wigle Co,, Limited
to tea on Sunday evening, it being her . . ‘

WASHED COARSE....:.:....90 to 92c.
WASHED FINE................93 to 95¢.

birthday anniversiry.—Evertin Arner Bebeebenieieebeebdelbtebeeitotdotebdnbedetebtntebe

has purchased the Gordon Iler farm EEE

‘ THE FARMERS’ STORE

John Strachan spent from Saturday to
HARROW’S NEW GENERAL STORE- .PHONE 67.

OUR STOCK OF GROCERIES

mer spent Sunday at ‘her home here.

—Ira Agila is improving the appear-

ance of his new store-by an additional

goat of paint.—Mrs, Ira Agia spent |;
Is new and ‘therefore fresh, and our’ prices are right. That ought
to bo a very good reason why you should give us part of your trade. ‘

‘We have u tresh supply of Heinz’s Pickles both in bulk and: in

bottles; also Kidney Beans, Boston Baked Beans, Spaghetti, Olives,

    
   
  

   
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
   

 

ee a ee

=

ra
.

    
   
     
    
   

 

 

ferfetetert

   
  

B

wheter

 

      
       

  

“WANTED

Five Hundrad Men and Women to Wear Our Shoos

® r We have
Ss 3 ter for Shoes, House cleaning time now,
priced “rom $4.80. Ung $3.50. Dropjall the ‘necessities such as Gillett's

: Handy Ammonia, Old” Dutch—
ae Pe SNe Se ae An pet abahing that will” make things

: clean.
Our Mén’s Working Shirts from 756
to 95c can't be beat.

  

    
    
   
   
    
 

       
   
   
  
  
  

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
     
   
  
   
 
      
     
    
   
  
  
  

 

   
    
    
 
   
    
    
     
   
   
     
 

    
  

 

   
   
    

    
  
  

 

‘Monday. in Harrow-with her mother,
wlio’ is fill. >

SEED CORN.

Seed corn for-huaking purposes for
Essex, Kent and Elgin hag been pur-

      
    
  

 

      
     
  

 

 

 

      
  
   
   
      
 
  
   

 
  

Better order a box of soap now—

  
 

  

i.

 

        
   
      
 
  
 
  
 
  

  
    
 

    
    
  
  
 

   
  
 
 

: Thomag Freara will deliver an ad 4 ote. a * ‘ :
Fine’ Shirts, 780 to $1.28. Price $7.75. Soap le going up. : iene) tare eo rei Frat dress ‘and tie Kingsville orchestra 6 Seo tH ar Ue a ; “ grant ee outeaiock of Dry Goods is here, which we will be pleased
. . — S| Sw touches of the bow. |expected., “All ‘members and visitors | bo distributed through the above coun-|* Show a time, 4 _ =
Men's and Boys Hats. Auto Caps|_ We have a fow of, sine: Galvanize Cherie peri ts e, made a very|are welcome. ~ ge: s>:-> “<|tes, Arringements havesboun tonde y _Laurtesy, to Lata cur mngHtO:
for the mon and. ladies. * =| Tubs left at the old price. efficten! OMe community) There hasn't beod very much dis-| that car lots Will be placed with local |e Just a few bagu of SHED POT ie :

 

t to Mr. and Mré.-Ma-| cussionover the time question in this dealers at convenfent distributing

j : C7 : # i “10 Success of the even-) township, every available hour being | points in Ea Th
; C ar. Load. of Sal t. ing largely depended. The proceeds | employed in greater production with- AT Aeeatane AIATEE eal ce heeaien

~ - Orders Taken and Promptly Dolivered.

   

    

 

 
 
  
 

amounted: to $132.50." After paying {out reference to.‘tho clock. The mat-|by John Parks and Fred. Micklo at A. ME I CH
oany f the Balance will be d tor from: tho standpoint of the farmor| the Falls-Barron warehoues rhe |e ei ARRO
Phone Orders delivered to any part of the town: tothe Red Cross war a le ete Pate pe Ee Cingr the. Falls saci ae irate “

 

  
 

‘It is trom the “pen of a Colchestor ehatha
| writer, and {a intereattg reading, |or' mane oe re

‘Edmund Richardson, Assessor, has| This corn. could only ‘be sectred | Fw:

ash Store}: : =f Hahed in this issue of ‘The Echo.| ery roason to believe that it is the
| pile sh Ay | returned ifs ae St H. Madill, town-| atter the United States War Board

   

  
   

   
   
 
 

 

 
   

  

ehip- clerk. — Following” figures are| was assured that Michigan, the Da-
[taken from it: 2, kotas, Wisconsin and Minnesots ced!
ee ». Town hip. °-|requiremonts had been filled and this)

ty the only corm purchased by tho,
ed Commission expectally for hu
ing purposes in) these counties.
Ss your driers att tase”
tormb will be cash with order
rn bold ins

  

nae
neg eat
been eg eae

  
ESTER LIFETO
FRUIT-A-TIVES”

‘The Wonderful Medicine, Made F:cm
Freit Juices and Valuzble Toa.

|

increased five or milis on the do}
jar this year on accoent of the town's
business aacessment being decrenssd
$1250,080 broagh the Temperance
Act eliminating distMleries-and bo=w-
eries from teration

ss

Frank Humphrey, of Toronto. who
recently completed his veterinary sur-
geon's CGarse in Toronto, is visiting
his brother, W. E. Humphrey, tere
prior {O leaving for Kingston, where
he will enlist im a battery.

Edwant Hickmott. con 4 Gosfield

Tath. received official word Saturday
that bis son. Pre. Walter Hickmott.
Blo WERt over with the 9th Battal
fon. f€11 in action on April 16th Pte.
Hickmott was twice wounded in pre-
Viozs barties

mnedy was taken to the
Hleptios at Woodstock
“Dorexs” has been

figure on our streets for

Here is the Best Answer, Taken From Our
Last Week’s Payroll

, Operator Number 233 was paid $20.47
Operator Number 320 was paid $24.02
Operetor Number 438 was paid $16.65
Operator Number 579 was baid $21.66
Operator Number 744 was paid $19.87
Operator Number 764 was paid $25.31
Operator Number 769 was paid $18.85

Operator Number 793 was paid $16.96

These are just a few examples. Many more just like them.

‘Night
Shift

Requires 50 more

Welfare
Department

Mrs. Emma Overs-has
taken up welfare work
in our factory, and now
devotes her entire time
to looking after the
comfort and welfaré’of
all our employees.

 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  

follow
Fo th
{

wiaw |
follo' H

form |
god In

at
file a

Yq am
whieh
tions.’
forties
Tl
the Jar
fo dan
@ the
ain

operators in finishing

THE Ecuo.
Published by
THE ECHO PRINTING CO. Limited,
Amherstburg, Ont.

JOHN A. AULD, A. WA. MARSH,
President. Sec-Treas.

departm ent for night

Any experienced power machine operator can do astvell.

We pay all piece work plus a 10 per cent. bonus, and your earn-
ings are limited only by your own ability.

shift. Apply during day
at Employment Office.

fon.
mi §

min

For beginners a school is conducted under competent instrue-
tors, and girls will he paid while learning.

Apply” Monday Morning
Ready For Work:

PANY, LIMI

iA 4
Gabor Molo

don} éd $25 and

Not one coal
would tender
ghired for
log '6 4 re
of Control
Mr. Brazier
ally commun
merchant It
city bal] that the dex
Ish the idea of London's. tt
in favor of a municipal “dhal—ya
somé months -- The
able to vbtain a supply
carry'on the busintas,

GRYALBADA

anich
auaie i)

where
5 accord
estima
“Oh wh!
M
ol fene
Excava
Ereava

Hering vor

man. of Gode
has received
grand t
died in Tc
taken’ t for
ot w fugo little
daughter. of Mrs Pan, Who was
KO severely burned when thelr reaj-

his little
e Bean.
irl was
couple

Enlare!
Allnwa!
Allowai
Allowai

Twelve thousand Clais A men of
the ages of 20, 21 and 22 wiil_satart to
report for duty at tife Montreal bar-
racks at the rate of approximately 150
a day, starting on. May Isfi Notires
have been s@nt out with the intention

7 Survey
(rept Be Asaiatny
Ne PhbIist

of providing a steady stream of
draftees” to report day. by day and
give the medical @zaminers .oppor-
tunity to carry on their work ch
andue haste. As soon as the rolis of
the €lass A-men of 20,21 and 22
exhausted notices will be sent to
men of the same ages of (lass B.

The Dominion Government. acting
upon the report of Hon. C. J. Doherty,
the Minister of Justice, has decHned
to interlere with the operation of four
acts of the Ontario Legislature, dis-
aliowance of which was asked. by
three applicants. The measures in
question are fhe act respecting. the
appointment of a commission for the
Ottawa Separate schoola; the act to
amend the Mining Agt. in respect to
laxation upon -nickeél-copper com-
panies, and the act to amend” the
Walerpowers Regulation Act, all
passed in the stasion of 1917

There is much conjecture as to the
probable new forms of taxation which
the Cominion will adopt for the in-
crease of \ts revenue. A study of the
British budget” taxation proposals
must lead to the conclusion that Can-
ada has still many sources of revenue
untapped for war purposes. -The ra
cent decision of thé-tobacco manzlhic-
turers to increase the price of cigar-
ettes, etc, Is believed to be fn antie!-
pation of an increase in the exc
duties on that commodity by the
eral authorities, A number of@ty.y
stamp taxes is sald to be pending.
Taxes on cheques; setc,, may be e+x-
tended to’a number of other negoti-
able papers and documents,

NON-JURY SITTINGS. +

?

L

Chief Justice Sir Glenholme Falcon-
bridge presided at the non-jury sift-
stings of the Supreme Court, Sand-
wich, last week. ‘There are 23 cases

dence at Picton was destroyed by’ fire
last “August. in which Dr. Bean lost
his an {3 still confined

A little girl did not
seem lo be getting along well awa
result of being tosged-from an up-
stairs window from whict
Had to-fump to save elf and baby.
The remains of the ttle girl were
taken§to Goderich, where a private
service was held on Saturday after-
neon ut Mr. Ford's residence. ‘Ynter-
ment took place at Clinton:

FARMERS AND

Editor of The Echo:—

who “invented the

DAYLIGHT-SAVING BILL

e upon a-time when the man
3 “4 Daylight-Saving

WALKERVILLE

A-MOTHER’S WORK

Is Too Often Followed by Nervous

Debility and Shattered
Health.

Bil] was a litle boy he always thought

ee

ARTIFICIAL FERTILIZER
> IN TOBACCO GROWING

his mother said: “There now!

During the season of'1917 fertilizer | nine o'clock, jtime to go to bed.”

tests were made on<fifteen plots of
flue tobacco and. on fifteen’ plots of
Burley tobacco, on the Harrow -sta-
tion; with the purpose of determining
the value of the fertilizer for increas-
ing the yield, and also its effect-on the
quality of the finished product.

In every case, with ‘both types of
tobaoco, fertilizer of different formulae
were used, and the various plots were
Managed and cultivated in suet a
way as to make the fertilizer used
the only factor affecting the yield and
quality of the tobacco grown dn the
plot. The tobacco waa harvested and
kept separate until after it was atrip-
ped and weighed and the returns were
determined by the yields and price
f6r which the toBacco was sold.

No manure’ was used tn. conjuaction
with the fertilizer and in each case a
plot was planted. to tobacco which
had neither been manured nor fertt-
ized {n any way.

The, fertilizer giving the best» re-
sults with the flue tobacco, as regards
yleld and color had a formula con-
sisting of aprroximately 2% Ammonia,
5% Phosphoric Acid, and 234% Pot-
ash, and was applied at the rate of
lton per acre. Tg formula gaye
an increase in yicld of 442 pounds of
tobacco per acre over the plot on
which ‘no fertilizer was used and

the. Daylight Saving Bill,

in towns-and cities where people
work by the clock, just for a given
number of hours, winter and summer
alike, and stop when the whistle
blows, no matter where the sun is.
But it is different in the country.
Thére people work by the sun.. When
it gets up late they do; when it gets
up early, they do too, and work as long
as it does, at least. Ever since farm-
ing. became a popular outdoor sport
there has been a Daylight Saving
Bill, Henry or Martha on every farm
almost waking everyone up with the
aun and going toy-bed when {t got
dark, no matter HSw many hours there
were, and up to this year never had
an act passed’ asking them to, either.
But when it conies to putting on the
clocks an hour they come to places
where it»doesn't work, not unless the

he went to bed at nine o'clock, When
be got old enough to count he found
out when the clock struck eight ace

8
By
going to bed so early We grew to ‘be
a very great and wise man so when
his country asked, for a way to get
more work done in a day he invented
which
brought down biegsings and curses
on his head. He had neyer Heard, P.
T. Barndm say “You can foo) all of
the people some of the time and some
of the people all the ‘time, but you
can’t fool all the people all the time,”

This Daylight-Saving seems to be
very practical and work beautifully

health depends,
ing down.

household care’ quickly + thin
blood and weaken the nerves.

clination to fretfalness.

age, whenever

Iams’ Pink Pills,

mother and the woman
household cares.

miserable.
sands of despbndent women to good

health and bright-spirits, and will do
for you as much‘as they have done for

others if you will givé them a fair
trial. ~

Mrs. W. Fa Burns; Guelph, Ont.

Mothers as a rule spend so much
time in dooking after their children
and in -household work that’ they over-
look the absolgte necessity for that
rest and relaxation upon whicii their
The consequence is
that soon they:find their health break-
The daily humdrum of

the
Then
follow headaches, #rins in the side and
dark, swollen limbs, palpitation, a con-
stantly tired feeling, and often an in:
These symp-
tons are the sign of poor blood, and
are the inevitablé penalty of overwork
and over, anxiefy in the care of chil-
dren and the affairs of the household.

Whenever a mother finds ber health
failing and household duties becoming
more than she Can comfortably man-
extra> demands are
made upon her strength, she should
adopt the safe and simple expedient
of enriching her blood. with Dr. Wil-
These pilis are
especially waluable to the nursing
n worn out with
They “renew her
blood supply, strengthen “her. tired
Hmbs and drive away the headaches
and backaches that have made her 80
They have restored thou-

on the list, but the sessfon was very | #fter deducting the cost of the fertil-

quiet. .

The various actions heard were ag.
follows: ae ‘ :

Scott vs. Fishers which was for. the
recovery of damages cauged by the
Spoiling of a-carload of peaches.

Falls vs. Bartlet iand Menzies. vs,
Bartlet were two cases arifiing out of
an Amberstburg will dispute.

The Sandwich, Windsor & Amherst-
burg, railway is suing the city of
Windsor to restrain Interference with
power and. Nght poles and connec-

tions,* This grew out of a dispute
“that started in 1916,

Blanc collided

Inst, causing
in

aj fertilizer been used Rayven.a ne

izer and the value of the tobacco
which would have been ‘grown had no

t profit

of $119.10 per ccre for using the fer-

tilizerss

The fertilizer giving the best re-
sults on Burley hadya formula con-
sisting of approximately 5% Ammonia,\
3% Phosphoric Acid, and 6% Potash,
and waa used at the rate of 1 ton per
acre. This formula gaye an, increased
yleld of 1230 pounds pér- acre over
the plot on which no fertilizer was

sun should keep the new act {which
up to present time seems to be taking
no notice of it). Perhaps farmers are
slow at seeing new fashions, uz they
cannot see themselves patting on the
clock an hour, rising at 3 or 4 o'clock
in the ‘morning, getting the chores all
done s0 nicé and early, then goin, out
to the field and sitting on the fence
for an hour or two discussing “this
here war’ with a 20c an hour ‘fred
man, while they wait for the dew to

dry off the corn, hay, oats or what

so that they can work. Nefthe> can

used and a net profit of $218.10 per
acre for using the fertilizer.

Where a good coat of tranure could
be applied the percentage of Ammonia
in the fertilizer, for Burley, could be
safely reduced considerably, thus low-
ering the jcost of the fertiltzer,

The results of two years’ tests in
the Statfon have shawn that Potash
{a the controlling “factor in a large
part of the soils of the tobacco belt;
and when it can be obtained, at least
& small percentage of Potash should
be applied to the tobacco crop,

- D. D. DIGGEs,
Supt. Harrow Tobacco Station.

The Imo, with which the Mont
on the 6th December
pe as sSantrous explosion
; or, has been reflonted. | , oe ted
Relief fon by aj Prisoners, they have ali they can ;

| without any hindrances. ,

tin Legis.) ¥ sg will all wor- |.

t-prorogued, is given ex-| However, I expect
throu, next ber, cven if
fe ‘ teeta ae oa g0°to school

they see this same hired man look at
his watch and quit in the midd'e of a
ten-acre fleld at five o'clock, whiln cha
sun is three-quartera ways up ir ihe
sky and the ground or grain just in
porfect working shape, so tha: he
could go automobiling by the new
itime. ‘

Those farmera who keep’ stock can-
not turn the cattle out to pasture any
earli¢r while the clover is wet with
dew or last night's rain. As to milk-
ing in the middle of the afternoon. I
beg to be excused until the fly-catchers
get a few moro: files. .

At any ordinary time perhaps {ft
would not make .¢o much differsn-a,
but at present when there is an army
to feed, besides the nation, anl a
part of the German nation alao, as}

’

insive
i.

8

Dowers; “Independent. of civic
will have a bO-acro park with | *° 8

saya: “A few years ago we had three
children. born in three years which left
me so yun down ond nervous that I
was not able to-do any work. The Inst
baby. only lived: two weeks and. the
worry that added to my weak condi-
Uon shattered my nerves. Our family
doctor for several months tried to
build me up, but nothing seemed to
benefit me. I suffered agony with my
head, and was terrified with a fear
that I-would lose my ‘reason. The head-
aches from which I suffered would
leave me complétely prostrated. Dur-
ing one of theag spells I went to an-
other doctor, who advised a change of

scene.’ T went away for a few weeks
but was Adwovrwenien 4nd wanted to

be back home, so my hiwhand came
and brought me home again. A few
days later my sister came to suc me
and asked me try Dr. Williai,*
Pink Pills. 1 got three Donga and?

the time I tad tused! them I was

work without feellng tired, and was
like a new woman.-~ This was five
years ago, and o

children have

cine Co,, Broc

 bOLORS.

autorent

| taro

completely well, could do all my own | ““efy on fruit

CANADA WOMEN
HELP TO WIN WAR

Show Ability in All Kinds of Work,
Although Few Take to
Farm Labor.

  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
   

New Miljtary Draft. to Force Thou-
sands More Into Men's Jobs.

The gmail extent to which it has
been necessary to utilize female labor
in Canada, in View of the fact that
over 400,000 soldiers have been taken
ffom productive industry, comes as a
surprise.

To date b7 far the largest war em#
ployment of women has been fn mu-
nitions, and here they were not re-
plcing men, for the work was new.
One hundred thousand Canadign wo-
men entered this fleld, and in the}
opinion of competent observers, they
are In the’ machine shop to stay. The
tradition that women ‘could not run
machines has beén smashed.. This is
the greatest revolution in Tabor con-

ditions here brought about by the
war.

in banks. Before the war, banking
was regarded as strictly a man's job.
The only women employed were used
as stenographers, and they did not
have a monopoly of even that depart-
ment. y
When men began to get Scarce,
women were introduced to the ledg-
ers, which for a long time was re-
garded as the limit of their possible
advancement.. It -would never do. if
}was said, to admit them to the tellers’
cages. Now, more often than not, the
king -of the cash is a queen. "The
managers generally report she is giv-
ing satisfaction. es
Recently compiled figures showsthat
6.769 women -are occupying ‘positions
in Canadian banks. A similar move-
ment is on foot in insurance, broker-
age and other financial offices. “Even
the administrtive offices of the
work are manned largely’ by women.
In the Toronto office, in charge of the
military aervice Act, 200° women are
employed, and another 200 occupy
clerical positions in the royal airjin

‘There has been, however, no dis-
finct movement of wo!
farming, such as the
England and France.
is due to the fact that farm: work
rougher here and lonelier,
Neverttieless, “last year, 1,265
and girls from the cities of
went to work in the count!
and truck farms,
year the number wil bo

e

th

is
be altered,
divisional’ aj
in dismissing the

Murphy, a contract

latter,
due Mr. Mu
In giving his j
the appeal, Justice

that notwithntanding

his

kind of a decision, whe:

gotiating for a settlem
Board overethe amount
ily of the late CG. McArth
bellford, who was kille
employ a

falling clectric light Dole.

Danger, of Asphyxiation From Fumes ,

men toward | bustion snotors,
has been in|new and increa
io ‘doubt this}usq of:

{s) Asphyxiation”
_ {motors in poorly ven

Nogiste
Court |
(erk’s
Letting

ae

industries, and ‘there ig a slight but
Srowing demand for women for light
carpentry and metal work. , About 100 |
girls are now employed at light car
pentry in Toronto. Recently a call
has come for 500 girls toywork On as-}
seinbly and plate inspection on aero-
plane motors.

For, some time past women have
been successtuly employed as engine ,
cleaners. Eight, such workers are in|
one C..P. R. rétmdhouse in Toronto. |

An appeal has been forwarded to the |

Governmént that women be employed
| NOTICE TO CREDITORS.

at shipbuilding,
‘Thus new ground has been broken
jin the matter of the
. Gibb, late of the

in a great Variety of employments,
burg, in the Count:
Deceased.

 

the ex]
telative
determ|

A Suggestion “for Your _ Summer :
3 |

Holiday This Year.

ALGONQUIN PARK

net

.
An ideal spot for your Summer
Vacation midst wild and delightful
The experiments have been sufficient- eye
ly successful toypromise the possibil-
ity of extensive development, as soon
as the need arises, and judging from
the drastic character of the new mili-

tary service: proposals, that need 15
almost upon us,

eentum
internst
, tO then
“3M
wid Ty
td ro
Trofled
ot 6
fates, |
time a:
od pa
Against
one su
Yen yes

dave tc

—_—.

Excellent hotel service at the.
“Highland Inn” PS

Fulliitormation from any Grand.
Tunk/Agent, or C, E HORNING, |

T
Distedat Passenger Agent, Toronto,
nt. 4

we

$e
CANNOT ALTER DECISION.

The Workmen's Compenga\ion Hoard

Supreme, and its decisions cannot
Was the finding of tho first

ppellate court, last week,

appeal of M.

or, from the

€ Clute, which dism

Estate of James D.
Town of ‘Amherst.
y of Essex, Farmer,

Lot o

is hereby given pursuant to the ol
{s 8 that bebalr that all Persons hay-

n- (ing claims avainst the estate of the sald
on an order from the {James Dp, it Who di¢d on or about the

money was the balance | §!0 day of February,

’ " required to
rphy upon a city contract. (ond BY Post prepaid or’ doliver to he
judgment, which re

undersigned, Solicitor for John J. Gibb,
Maclaren

Concession.

The

 

fused |Executor of the saiq Estate, on or befdre

said the 4th. day of May, 1098, their names

, and addresses, ful) ~
the large DOW-| claims sand the nature Of the secon IE

rs held: by the board there » in) any; held by them.
ie ealnion, still a right to contest ae Mnecenl eet inerpby Biven that
matter. 1918, the said Executor An aus
distribute tho ‘assets or ‘th
MONE the persons entitled th
Ferard only to claims or wanna pe
Men have notices and 1
: . salt Ree on Hoty for ti
ur, of Camp- a wreor Io any pe
of whose cial,
d 4m. the town received ak the, lime'o an
year ago May 26th by -a FRANKLIN

Solleit . !
Dated at Ammeitor OF thé sald Executor

April, sore shes es day of

es oe
S=Asecsoe

Pere re ees re he
fnznunee

ay

Amherstburg had a

tb

taste of this |
n it was ne-

pe)
Meee

roceed
® Said Estate

am

424.

————

LOW/GRADE GASOLIN E.

oe.

een mums zaen

Cages

AP ARAAMARARA-8-8

of Motor Exhaust.

—_—

&
=

the pres:

from the ration
tated or clnce
  
   

 
 
    
  
     

: _ Phoao 97 ies

ie By-Law No.---

Ww to pi
A Lert im

7th Con.

provisionally gdopted the 13th day of April, A. D, 1018, ~

. ey. owner of S W % of Lot 81 in the Seventh Conces-
Win opal He does not Drive authelent drainage for his portion
Eighty-ono (81) in the Seventh Concession of the said Township

Whereas
North 18 out

aid Lot Number
And wh

Malden. supon the Council of the Township fins procured a survey and
ie elon bees Wo" made by: Alex, Baird, C. E., being a person competent for such
ni
te OOF the sath as
ol ge thereof, a and haa’s!

are
al Drainage Act
jrainake work
je by him o

portion of benefit,

hy

 

   
  
   
     
 

7o the Neevo and Councillors of the Té

Gentiemen,—AS directed by a resol
tion and survey of the 7ih Con,
its repair and improvement, ani

 

gr report:—

Ip ry A and improved in order to-enable it to per-
OR ee ee TUitedsOc. eee would recommend that thia work of repair J,
7 Say be carriéd out so as to accord with the data shown by the plan, pro-
“oe 5 wherewith.
Het ry tlie locationinda earn of the drain and lands and roads that will
by. The pronie gives the dimensions, grades and other, data
compliance, and the specifica-
tions. Which are attached hereto sets out te manner ih which the work is to~be per-
ons ed se

Ti
affected! by the work. | i
Buen 1 recommend the work

formed in accord with.

The earth excavated from the drain i ! Y AAT SraTiaitieree

" ’ r led by the specifications, and for Mages

the, land A CE gels ee SPecloccasionod thereby and for the enlargement

{ penis istin He aecess bridges which the work will render necessary, | determine
Minit 1he owance to be pald to the owiers of land CULT Ae

c

Qi tix the a

Lot

of part
of Lot,

W_ % 80 and

Masse 2G
P
VNyneny wn

Me tO. 4...
which have povided for ie, my estimate of the cost of the work, as required by tho

Yunicipal Drainage Act.

1 Nat the sane culvert used for crossing over tho
: ee {Travelled portion of the Pike Noad he enlarged so os to
suse with the specifications relating thereto, for which I have atso: provided in my
2 aol te of the cost of the work os mequired by tho said Drainage Act and the; cost
ta Seenich I have charged in my assessiment on roads against the atunioipatity,
is : My extimate@of the cost of this work in detail including the removal and replacing
ences is as fallows!——
Dn aa Stake 0 to stake 48, @ distance of 4800 feot
Excavation from Stake 48 to stake/80, M@ distance of 4100 feet...

Amounting to for pe xeatesOny
larcing and repalring culvert on Pike: Ro
erates for denen es to Jands and ¢rojps (ifany
Allowance for farm access bridges... ... 10... ee.s>
Allowance for removing and replacing fences

survey, plans, report; specifications, ett:
expenses
Poblishing by-law = .,....5...-

Assistance in sirvey an

Hlegistering by-law .
Court of Hovision....
Glerk’s

  
 

   

thevcost of the
hereto.

  
   
   

    
   
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
     
 
  
  

is desirable,

Therefore the sald sees pountdlt of the said Townsh
erst The sald. Teport, pl epecittcations, askesaments and estimates are hereby
83, horein indicated ahd set forth shall Do mado and

Malden may borrow
of Malden the sum of Two Thou-
necessary

ist, Tho said report, plan,
Mopted, and the drainage work
constructed in accordance therewith.

2nd. The , Reeve of Whe
eredit of ther ee ay the said Towns!
snd Nine “Hun ‘ine
Work not otherwise provivied for, and may {ssue Debentures of tne Corporation to)
that amount im sums Of Mot les than Filt
from the date of the salq

interest, such: debentures
| i them. coupons for the

toi roads for outlet Ii
Wolled by the municipal
at 6 cont. per am

  
 

  
  

ave to run,

 

   

le Stockh

Pe ChY

Stock Specific,

Cat Meal & Worm Powders
Liniment.

Specific |
ck Feed,

 

> 9—W, T- WILKINSON.

aig HARNESS AND LEATHER Goops STORE.
| < AMHERSTBURG

  

  

 

¢ the oleaning out, enlarging, dee
hone watercouree incwn as the 7th

and for borrowi

the aum of

joving
of Malden ings

in ie Fownani of maiden tno aur 143,200.00, 6 m

said cleaning, @nlarging, deepening, 3

roposed to be drained and tho means suggested for the
ar lands and rosds llablo to bo assessed “Under the Muni-
140 procured plans, speciNcations and extimates of. the
the said ‘Alex. Baird, C, E., and an assessment to. bo
f th® JANOS: aiid roads to be beneftted by such drainaye works, and of
ns! ads liable for Contribution thereto, stating as nearly o8 he con the
otner lands and rosis outies Habiii/fy¥ and injuring lability, which in his opinion will
rred in consequence of such drainage work by every road and Jot,
A said Said assessment $0 made being the assessment hereinafter b
ee to be assessed and je¥led upon the roads and lors, or parts o|
tacted et behalf especially sot forth and described: ana tho report of tho
viuird. 6, E., In-respect tereol and Of the said drainage wor

{to DO made’ D:

being as

Leamington, 16th February, 10918,
ownship of Malden;—
ution of your Honorable
Road Drain North {in your Township, with a

beg to submit in connection therewith the

Body, I have made an

carried Out

F recommend be dopositea and spread upon

to as follow:
Allowance
for farm

: owner
Namo of G acress bridge,

or Assessed) Owner,
Wm. A. Bailey

Damages
¥% and W % Bt...

  
  
 
   
 

Nobidoux

ME ae ee Brille

wm. 7
S. Koufford -
S. Boufford .
Devslippe
n. Bondy...
John “Eagar

Beaudwin

~~
AIAS OS t10

60 00

 

 

150 00

Drain

  

 

 
  
 
 
 

 

236 30

2209 00

Making 4 total of

be in is “lands and roads that should contribute towards
eat of 1h “egies a sek out in the schedule of assessment attached

Vi dat
I beg furthér to submit to your Hoimorable Body that this work bo maintaine:
the axpunte of the lands and rosd8 asitessed for carrying out tho same and in ae
felative proportions 05 assessed fn the atinexed schedule of assessment, until otherwise
determined and reported upon as requitred by the Municipal Drainage Act.

I have the honor to be, gentlemen,

, tre ;
eng cy eeeraae ALEX. BAIRD, C, E,, Ete.
And whereas the said councikare of opinion that tho drainage of the area described

li of the said Township of sinlden, pursuant to

Geor

sald Townshi on tho

Dollars, ‘beilog funds
Dollars esch, and payiblo within 10
Debdentires will interest at Vnegrate ioKsaie ane a hal
1 ee 5 ten equal annual ins 3
interest, suet debentunes ia i Tevabla at tne Treasurer’s oMce and to
mont of interest. aaatnita
f $1,258.00, the amount charged against the sa! oF
wd quads for Denelt, aia the sum of $051.00, the amount. char, oa aveinisy said Jamas
Ys. andjfor covering interest: thereon for 10 years at tho mate
2 im,.thd following total special rat
a 8] i be assessed, jevied and wulscied ae
ime as other taxes sro jevied and collecte: i
a int of the sald total special rates an
draitst cach 1Ot OP are oe a Roectivelys shall be divided into ten equal pai
jevied and collected as

principal and
have attacihed

3rd. For payin; the sumo

lity, apart fram lands and roads

, over and above all other

er and ak the sume
tion:

from the underme’ alae

, and

in each year, fior

ame man

t ¢ lot OP Wart of lot fe

Dart shal} bo’ assessed,

aforesaid, 4
8 after (he final passing of this by-law, during which the said debenture:

 

 

 

     
  
 

Los or Part
of Lot.

Conrteasion.
ffected-Area.

 

Suzanne

  

  

2mree
ee
- .

 

aa-36
Fuss:

mye 8

:

ors
=
at
3

  
  
  
   
     

105,
Mary,

a Bo
o

OOP ASAMARSSD-2-4 Hanged tesna
Peg

ner mumnsczmanan,
a 4
4
remo

=”
-

ASSOSSIY

 

4th. For paving
fd lands of ie Vin!

  
  

pene icy
coll

) as
pera
The |

«

|
|

os.

~ OWNER:

Outlet Liability
‘Annual assess- §

To cover inter-

lest for 10
yours at 644

per cent.
‘Total Special

Rate.
each: year for

A

S | Outlet
Liability

3

ry

=

So
ment, during
ten years,

Value of
Benent
Value of

ry
=
c)
>
-

=
wo

=
=

>
oe

cc bate am toce
Py

i

Sic Svackeo
BA SuInons

1 So°wm. A, Balley. 8
Victor, Nobidoux 30.00
Victor Robidoux 60.00
Wm. A; Bailoy, .

Simon Bi ‘d
Simon Boufford
J, B. Doslippe..

c. Bondy. ..-

john Edgar .-
D. Beaudoin | ss
E. A. MeGee. 6
L. Robidonx
Mra, M. Deslinp
8 Thos. Dufour <
© Jos, Boulford ..
0 Mrs. M. Doslipp
i Frod; Dufour .
10

——s
oa
tl $
SS > | Total Value
uwZResS
Soosot

60.00,

ee
2 63 ie:
Biaa
iS:
<7}

08.25

ee es

133.60
151.90

99,50
76:80
ra

108.50

£09.60
475.40
41.30
103.40

‘vasa
20.00
140160.

64.40

~ 96,00
21,60
iat
4765
) 49,30
20.05

64,25

mise Zoisnaes
ah tet ere

ae

Same SRS

Perens

_-

o
faa See oe

Some ue
Sots wales:

slippe
Seco ean- 75.00

adwiek or
75 30 rom Major .

YE piste Mcguire . 19:00"
-» 26 Jonn Durour -. 19. .

é oy
Total fF Doneit. «i...
road!

18.30
12.70
17.20

San Baton mocecs

Soo soconeosssesso sores
=o.
Soh

Scdes tended oN

te erete hss

sco oon

 

 

|

#220,061¢

$645.60 §2296,60 7709

218.20 776,20

645.60 2206.60 — 220.66

pares

558 00
1651.00

$2200.00 9863.80 $3072.80 $907.28

; 7 1,
eon” 80.00 ‘lard,

; 3.
Ass*ment on lands Sught down) >
Tl assmt. ‘on andy gnd roads... .

 

 

 

Rena
Lucter

 
 

 

 

 

present.

Hiron,

$7.10, and

“A potit

the Supreme Cour!

ter consideration

the petitioner, the justice remarked:
| “In this case an injunction wilt not}

lle, even if the relator doas.””

Pe ae

M FROM SLEEPING.

| - Once there was an Eastern showman
who sald that when he tvent to bed,
| knowing there would be buckwheat

and sausages for breakfast, he couldn't
sleep for thinking about it. And wheti
ith the information

KEPT Hi

i}he went to bed w
that there would bi

“TURN A DEAF EAR.”

To be able to he
blessing,

unfit.to hear,

ening, extending and| stir up strife,
m. Hoad Drain Nort
in the credit of the Municipality
the funde required for the
jerwise improving the said

h, | words, that hur!

 

Among the rubber novelties recently
introduced, as a wotch Protector which
covers ‘the case entirely except the
dial. , It ia: designed for the use of
workmen principally and for ‘those
who .are compelled to move around
electrical machinery and it renders
the mechanism proof againat damage:
The clinging qaulity of rubber makes
possible for the timepiece
to slip out of the

it almost im
thue
pocket.

protected

 

By-Product of. Wine Presses in France
Save 176,000 Tone of Coal.

Calculations that, are of special in-
terest in-view of the shortage of coal
in France, have been made in connec-
tion witirethe proposal to: utilize as
fuel. the large amount of seeds, that

are derived from pressing grapes. The
wine presses, of thesed

an average of 1,321,000,000 gallons per
year. The by-product fn the form of
about a pound and
After making pro-
he difference in the
and coal, it
y, the grape
seedy

seeds amounts to
a half per gall n.
per allowance for t
fuel value of the
appears that, theoretical!
industry of

equivalent to some 176,000 ton of
coal,

 

EGG “CANDLING” OBSOLETE.

Off with the old; on with the new.
Grandma’s method of guasiing the org
fs 99 per cent, pure fat'y, ¢ pass the
censor,to-day. Moderna m3tioidls have
egked off thé old {dens,
efficient electricity has the col, gay-
ing time, temper and trouble.

Here are nimble-fingered, keen-oyed
egg testers, separating the false from
the true’ by means. of electric ogg
candlers, operated on ordinary house-

The electric egg
Its hidden eye and
@ rout out hen pro-

lighting circuits.
tester never lies,
super-sensitive nog
ducta that are inclined to*“cheat.”
This form of clerical electrical in-
spection dispels the doubt and guess-
work, speeds up shipments, cuts labor

costs and {s Helping to -Hooverize cost-
to-consumer. i }

Colchester South Council,

 
   
     
  
  

}]Sinasoc $11, Ars
Arthitr Menard

     

  

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   

    

ction, ba
anportinas

lon dor an inj
} Upon & somewhat do

of fact,” says a Now York .
“came before one of the Justices of

 

te

"

  

 

egulll pre with

embers present exept Mr. Papat|
Voret by Mr. Benefs®, -soconded
by Mr. Charette, tat \tie minutes just
rend be adopted.—Carriad.

Moved by My Citarette, seeonded by
Mr. Renaud, frat The Echo Printing
Coy gut o wares ier ae es ie

ntares unicipal World,
fiton register; Geo.
bith Peed Tom
Forstimw; .« C. Mafiioux, prepar-
ing debertures, and $4.46 for stampa;
Ernest { Metoelre, $682.41, for a loan
under he Tile Drainage Act; Wilson, |
Pile & Stowurt, {25669, Balance. of
sollcforet’ Teoy: im iw Lome.
Drain_ appeal casey Barthelmie Ren-
aad, $3.50, repairing cuivert on front
pom}: Jeremie Menfurtem. $%, filling
Aole and repairing bridge om’ 4tis conc;
Alman Beneteau, $§, filling, hole’ ard
5: Baars. Burns,
morth side lime,

~ ;
in

inet

  
  
  
 
 

t of this, state. At
of the affidavit ‘of

  
  

    
 

thet the Ukrantans possess-
d@istinet Iuuguage and culture of'
‘That, however, was not

3

BYCPPES FOR BABY B8OOD}. 30:
Lime Water; :
TEASPOONPUN. of unslaked lime ti
Stake in a large bottle such as a germ J

four hours. iw’ clear fluid
This is Lime Witter:

    
  

 
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

$4.14, for a di
F. Girardim, 0:26,

 

own...

  
 

  

  
  

years

es

their
ta

 
 
 
   
   
     
      
    

it! quart’ of ,bolied ’ water.
i ar and let! stand for twenty
standing off top muy? ti

 
 
 
     
   
   
 
     

  
  

nationality,” declared a Hussian min-
{ater of state in. 186%. and this was
merely the format éxpreasion of what
senerations of Russiam’ bureaucrats
tmd already considered’ as. axiomatic.
Ale offjciat' business wan carried on ie
Russian, a language almost completely
muintelligible: to- Ukrainians, All Ukrat-/ $5.75; for scraping
nian writings, save certain oll books of )and $2, repairing culvart‘or: 7th con,;
devotion, ‘were rigidly proscribed, and |Frank Dufour; $7; for scraping on 7th
Ukranian education was so-strictly pro-
hibited that in minny
sfx» Ukraine even today tere are fow-
er schools than thero were two cen-
turies ago.

The only way for a talented Ukrai-
nian to spring his ideas waein Russian, 5
and many of tho greatest names in Rus- | pairiig bridge om middle side line:
sip literature, such as Gogol, Kosto- | Everett Charette; $3, for grading or
maroff, ete., wero ‘really Ukrainians | 8th con., and $2 repairing bridge: on
forced’ to employ «this alien tongue. | 8th: con.; Thomas: Bozaire, $1.50). re}
What happened to those who dared pairing, bridge On soutliv side live; EU |,
clothe their thoughts fi the native
idiom mny be judged by the terrible
fate of tho greatest of all Ukrainian
Poets, Taras Shevebcenko.” For the | council that the Ouellotte dralix fram
“abominable crime” of having compos- | wherg it cross
e@ some exquisite little verses celebrat- | to the’ Detroit river was badly filled |; oh
ing the natural beauties of his Ukral- | UP Witt brush, rubbisi) and other mat-
nian homeland this youthfol genius was | ‘" thereby interfering with the fre»
senteneed to ten years’ penal servitude
im Siberia and returned from bis hell
of suffering a broken, prematurely old

man, only to die.—T, Lothrop Stoddard
in Century. 3

Marsh ow Be: rem

© no buckwheat and
Sausages for breakfast, he couldn't
sleep for worrying about it.

of,

Barley Water.

Two level teaspoontil of Ratinsdn's or Bieok’
water to meke a paste, Auli’ wwter to ono pint. B
Strain througti

      

  

} 4
“i barley-flour. Bix witts.
E : loll for dwenty nilhutes im
tw thicknégses of!cheese cibtti,
Have-one pint,

 

double boiler,

grastting” om» Atul water to make up that hoilbe

ar well is a great
‘but one should bé able to
“turn a deaf ear” to what is unwise or
If the angry words that
or the harsh, critical

t one’s feelings, or de-
fame another, never found listeners,

how much less pain and trouble the
world would know. Learn to use the

“hearing ear” and the “deaf ear”
the right occasions,

RUBBER WATCH-COVER.

Genel, ,

eittier Robinson's or Brook's:
Take three teaspeonfils of
Duste and add :
dbutile-boller.
oheesevlbth.
Tf tow thiim. ovvk longer.

Whey.

To one quart of sk‘mnred) mills,
spoonfuia of liquid renoet!

 
  
 

Oatmeal or Barley,. User
‘s oatmeal (groats)\.
fent cold water to form: a
for twenty minutes: {iy ©
through two thicknesses of

 
 
     
   
   
   
  
   
  
 

tarley four or
noweh dort Wri pint.
eno wa makes’ g
Ad®' a’ pinch of’ salt.

ould be thick enough

con., $1 for burying a dend dog,
Ulvic

ard | Robinson

Cook

; ada
25 eents repairing scrapers;
ab Sila: Riss: Benvtbau, $7150) for scraping om Dir
con.; Jacob: Renaud). $560, for serap-
ing on 8th com; Arsune Renaud, $,| te felly when cold.
scraping on north townline; Dlle Me-
lochy; $4, for soruping on east town=
line; Dolphise CHarette, 25 canty, re

   

 

The gruw®

upon

 

Dég: F.. adi’ four tea-
fare till the curd' forms,
our layers of chgesecloth
F. and! allow to: cool grad-
ounces of whey: .

   

 

    

Heat the liquic (@?h
Keep on ice. One quart of! milk makes 24
Albumem Water.

Yo four ourices of water;.heatedi to 104 De
stir with a knife until dfsselved!. D
i , Ohgesecioth,
the

ey)! to’ 1'55 Deg.

  
 
   
  

ward Page; $1, burying a dead dog,
and Dennis Knages, $2260, for scrape} ogg,
ing ow front roail:—Carried.

Barthelmie

 
  

&. FS add the: white of one
at or'sinke, Strain throug

 
 

onet be:

Broth

eat {none plait: of cold water.
or four. hours;

Remove‘all, thet,
Béef Juice.
Partially broil ove> coals:. both: side.

 
  

Renaud notified

 

Put a pound of m
it slowly for three
leesectoth-and cool,

   

Add! a: pinot) of snte.

es the middle side Nne}, goo, Strain throug tivo: thicknesses. of

 
 
  
    
   

flow of the water, &

Moved by Mr. Beneteau, seconded |; und of heef.
by Mr. Charette, that the Clerk be: in-
atructed to notify the draja inspector
to make an examinatiom of sa{d’ por-
tion of the Ouellette drain and report. |!
—Carritd. /

Moved\by Mr. Charette, seconded’ by-
Mr. Beneteau, that Dolptise Be},
zaire get a warrant’ for $90, salary: as:|’
assessor, and $2:64. for stamps: and
stationery, and Johm L. Beaudoin, 40] SUs8r- Lot stand in a cool plaecextill

No: 300; | The balance ds junket,

which

GRAPE SEED AS FUEL

 

of ttiv-top: of a
*Inice, using: a mest
Half’ a pound! of

. 8 of a half’ pownd'
Cut in small ‘ptéces*and ‘squeeze out. tho
, press: or wocden lemon squeezer.

beaf s1akes two ounce: of beef ‘jni

Scraped Beef,

Serapo a pleco of round! dteak~ with’ a:
broill Seraped beo!

   
 

 

Addia pinch of ‘salt;,

      

 

  
  

 

knifé ant’ then
is free frons-fibre’ andiiis: better than: min:

dunket. .

le milkheated too106 Deg. T. ada
Add a pinch of sal¢:

ye) 1 A
ced! Boot gs

  

TO PURIFY WATER,

Twe Safe Ways by Which Typhold
Germs May Bo Destroyed.

One cannot judge the purity of water | °°", ‘0 replace warrant
by its looks. Things visible to the
naked eye aré usually barmless, The
invisiblo germs of disease are. by far | p
the more injurious to human beings,

   

To one quart of who!
of Mquit rennet.

   
    

and a teaspoonfil! of granu
‘the cntd forms,.

Odddled Egg:

ter and ' immediately remove: from tte fre.
reight minates:. The-white of’ theese should

78
Take half s pound of good prunes. . Wish'and soakiim
| Cover with water and add half ‘a teaspoonttt of sugar:.
, Boller un¢i; the prunes are perféctly tenddr;
, The resulting Jiquid is prune juw&e.

Soap Suppository, . ‘
or common brown soap ‘amd/cut’ ont » portion -
polnted’at one end ’ and{iabout am thick as a lead
very good suppository,. Silichtij wat! whom altout

thted
Straiim off the quid.

  
  

luntry produce

 
 

passed November 24th, 1917,
has heen lost.—Carriéd:
Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded
y Mr. Renaud, that the firat sitting of
the court of revision on®the Assess-

Most people feel that drinking water | ment Roll be held on Saturday, May |;
is safe to use if ft ia cool, clear, spar. | 25th, at 9 o'clock {n the forenoon,—
kling and free from color or odor. Such | Carried:
{3 not the case. ‘Even the sparklo may
be due to decomposition products, The
babbling brook usually contains more
dangerous bacteria than standing wa-
ter. Streams do not purify themselves
by flowing over their rocky beds,
mistaken notion that they do is
spobsible for a great deal of vacation | posed of—Carried:
Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by
The safest method of destroying dis- | Mr--Renaud, that Albert Boussey get
ease germs in water is by actual boi}- | * Warrant for $3, for dog tuxes unvol;
ing. Botling the water for five minutes
. Will kill the germs-of typhoid and al-
Ifed diseases, Chlorine may also be
used. to disinfect the water.

A stock solution is made by taking a
level. teaspoonful-of full strength clo- | Carried:

thi
hstaeteen eatin 2 mer eae whole for the second reading. By-law
Thig should then be | Tead a second timm:

made yp to o eupful and diluted with
reé more evupfuls. of water and' then
poured into a bottle. ang tightly: corked:
Add a teispoonfuk of this stock. solu-

 
 
 

Put the egg in boiling -wa
| Coverrand Jet stand for seven or
| be: soft and not liquid.

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

seeds

  

water over night.
Cook: thi n- double,
Strain) through’ cheesecloth.

 
  
 

France yields

  

Moved by Mr. Charette; seconded
by Mr. Renaud, that from and’ after
the close of the court of revision on
the Assessment Roll the council will
not consider application
resident of this township to be reliey-
Tho | ed from’ paying dog tax om account of i
the dog being dead or otherwise dis- |

   
 
 
 

Take ‘a piece of castile
| One® or two Inches long,
} pencil. This will nake a
| to: use: it.

  
 

 

from

     
 

Borscic Acid ‘Solution: (2:per:cent:)) ee
poonful of boracic acid’ crystals. in‘n clean eight-cunce
Not all' the: crystais wilk

rcent.)' golution.- Some
boiled water will be a 2 per ¢ént. solution.

2 sonlaboHd ‘and ‘used! . m stock sobution.

  

Put one table
| bottle fitted with >
| berdissolved, but tk » water will be a satorated’(4 ‘pe:
of this dilutec with «qual parts of
The # per vent. sot tio should bi

  

toway typbold fever. led water,

 

Shake the bottle.

 

  

lecntili:—Carried:

Moved by Mr. Charete; seconded by
Mr, Beneteau, that the second reading
raise Anderdon’s proportitm of the ex-
cess. cost for completing the Long
Marsh drain be read’ ao

  
     
        

 

 

 

     
  

CANADA'S _ NEW, ANTI-LOAFER
+ LAW, :

 
 
 
    

WINDSOR.

Violators of the Ontario Temper-
ance Act contributed; more than $400
Monday to Windsor finartces, 24 intox-
{cated persons, including two women
‘and a Member of the Dominion police,
paying fines ranging from $16 to $17.
Two border city men who had bottles
of liquor {n. their. -
taxed $50 and! oomts.

While engaged in the task of search-
ing “intoxicated persoms!”
duy morning-at Windsor police tend-
Motorcycle «Officer  -Wi
tarantula, witch,

  
 
  
 

 

 

 

first’ time;—

    
  
  
   
  
   
  

An Order in Council has been pass-
fed requiring that “all persons domt-
{cilad i Canada shall, in the absence
of reasonable grounds to the contrary,
engage in useful occupations,”

Tie purpose of the order Is to pre-
fvent persons capable of useful work
jfrom remaining in idleness at a time
}Whem the country most urgently re-
}auires _ the . services of? all
fenergy available:

Tire following’ are the regulations:
1. Every male pérson- residing: in
ithe Donrinion of Canada’ shall be
regularly engaged in some
|cupation. + a
2. Ine any proceeding hereunder {t
shail ‘be a defence that: the. person is,

(a) Under sixteen
sixty, years of age.

(D) A dona fide student proceeding
with his training*for some useful occu:)
pation.

(c) A dona fide student in actual at-
tendance at ‘some recognized educt-
tional institution.

(a) Usually employed in somé use:
ful occupation and temporarily unem-
ployed owing to différence with his
employer common to similar employ-
ees. with the same employér.
(e) Physically unable to -
with the provision:
in.enacted. ‘

(f) Unable to obtain wi
sonable, distance any Kind of employ-
ment which he js physically able to
Perform at current wages for similhr-
employment. ;
3: Any person violating the pro»
visions Hereof stall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable under sum:
mary conviction before a Magistrate
to @ penalty not exceeding One Hun-
dred Dollars and costs, and, itr defauit
of payment, to imprisonment
hard labor for f period not exceeding
six months in any common gaol, or in
any. institution or on any farm owned
by a-municipality or province: und de-
clared by by-law or Order itr Connell
respectively to be a public institution
or farm for the purposes of this Taw,
which sald institution or farm for the

Is lawaball bea common.

Council went into: committee.of’ the

Ay Mitie water. Moved by Mr. Renaud; seconded by
Mr, Beneteau, tla the second

be adopted.—Oarritd: :
Moved’ by Mr. Beyeteau;. seconded
by Mr. Clinrette; that the reeve be

- 4-Han.to.each two gallop.gadl of drinking | instructed’ to isaue a warrant to each
water, thorovghly mixing i¢ and: allow-| of the parties: wlio Have’ not’ as yet
ing it 'to-stané for ten, minites,
wil. give about: ¢
chlorine. to a
which will destroy all typhoid or dysen-
tery, producing germs.

reading

 
 

possensiom ware

 
  
 
 

——_
Wednesday, April_17th.

Council met in special session. All
present except Mr. Bondy.

The Clerk read Engineer Newman's
report on the Deslippe drain.
Moved by M. Deslippe, seconded by.
E. McLean, tliat the report be
adopted as read and’ the Clerk pre-
pare the necessary. by-law.—Carried.
‘The following accounts ,were pass-
ed;—$50 to Walter Shay, work on
does ‘hill; $61.20, to E. D. Wright, to
pay_for shovelling snow; $9.70 to B.
F. Darby, rent of buildings for Agri-
cultural Class and drugs supplied in-
digents.
Moved’ by. Messrs. Deslippe and Bar-
net, that Frank Heaton be commission-
er on weat townline.—Carrie
‘Moved ‘by Messrs. Barnet and Me-
Lean, that Clerk advertise work on
Crosby and Vincent drains.—Carried.

Council adjourned.

Sandwich West Council.

Saturday, April 20th.
Council met as per adjournment. All
Minutes of last
were read and adopted.

Moved by Messrs. Drouillard and
Lownaborough, that the application of
William and Arthur Pafjot for tile
drainage be filod till inspectors
port.—Carried, :

Moved by Messrs. Lonnsborough and
that Sam. Drouillard’s
work be performed on the Disputed
Road division.—Carried:

Moved by Messrs.
Rocheleau, that Rem! Drouillard be
patd $6.50 for & bridge; E. H. Ross $5,
Hercule Beneteau $1, Joseph Dupuis
$1, for road work; Town, of Sandwich,
$30, for policed services on Bridge ave-
‘nue; Record Printing Co., $3 for ox-
tra work, and J.-J. Bondy $11, Albert
ene Dufour $11, and
$7, for expenses at the
Public Utilities Commission, and $700
for Sxpennas a bce
charged to that te
{a50; er a = Labute’s funeral;
Munef; ‘orld, o
A. G, Hutchinson $13.60, Ernést 1
frod $3.60, for wood
son; Folix Lacharité, $29,
, for. bridge

$5050, for p
fers, ae

A Louis.
$7.25, John *

at ie stu tors plios’ for a poor pe

human Sun-

   

This | received’
half part“of free] Muted statute labor for the year I9T7.

pacts |, —Catr: ;
Be net Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by

the Clerk De fy

  

Q warrant for their com-

    

quartérs,
Brumpton cautpred a
it is believed, escaped from hte packet
of a “banana man” whe was escorted

tothe cell block on a charge of @iunik~
onness. The: insect tk
hind" the: bans af a
structed: dell.

Ameng; mors: tiinm 100 Canadian
veterans who. arrived from Frarice
Monday was Private George) Reilly,
of: Windsor,. wita tas) teen tavaliifed
home because of age and socknoss.

He is more ¢han 68 years old and tas

two sons serving at he fant. Epptat-

ing two years’ ago in the Ninetyninth
Battalion, Reilly went ¢o
the unit.
King George and o}
ish .war office.the battelion was dis- ”
banded and Reflly was ‘transferred to
a forestry unit, with which he served
for more than a year,
war” war not Inilly’s first experience
under fire, he having served in the
Eighteenth ~ Royal rE
Egyptinn and. South African cani-
poigns, for which he wears medals.
Other Windsor veterans ~ “invalided
Home are Private W. H. Blackburn
and J. W. Drewe.

  
 
 
  

 

   

Mr. Renaud; that
structed to advertise for tenders fori:
the erection of a highway bridge on

the 8th con over the Canard river,
Mep actustomed to working in| and one om the North Side Line over

mines cannot stani great heights, It me parard, ee eae <P be es
%, riabla velo that a ;celved up to June » an Ce
ph eaapat out ait en uneasy if you | (ened at 4 oivtoctt of the same day.—
take him to a*high place, such os @|
monument or the. top
will try to get back to earth as soon’
And yet be can stand un-
derground on the edge of.a 500 foot
shaft, look- down into the black abyss
and never feel a tremor.
up the face éf a shaft; knowing that
there Is a straight drop of « thousand
feet under him, and féel perfectly at
hone

useful ac-)

    
 

 

now sately (be-
com-

  
  

Where Miners Lese Theje brerve.

 
  
  

years -or over

 
 
   
  
  
  

Carried. ¢
Moved by Mr. Beneteau, seconded
y Mr Charette, that we adjourn till
} Saturday, May 26th, at 1 pm —Car-
ried.

CHILDHOOD: CONSTIPATION

Constipation fs one of the masticom-
mon ailments of little ones and un-
less relieved: may become chronic and
baby’s health for all time becomes {m-
pafred.. Nothing ean equal Baby’s Own
Tablets in regulating the bowels, They
are a mild, safe Inxative, easy to ad-
Minister and never fail to be effective.
virus of infantile puralysis, conducted | Concerning them Mrs! Emile LaCha-

by Drs. Hideyo Noxuchi and Rotusa-

  
  
    
   
 

of'@ house, and |),

   

as posstble.

 

 

England with ~,
cing inspected by
fficials of the Brit-

  
  
 

 

After b

 

He cin climb

 
   

comply
8 Of the Inv as tere:

tum ren,

 
  
  
      
   

The “great

   
   

 

Flies and Infantile Paralysia.
Experiments in iutecting mosquitoes,
housefijes and bluebottie files witb the

Hussars In the

   
      
    
  

meeting

   

pelle, Terrebonne, Qve.,_ writes:

     
  
  
   
   

to» Kudo in the laboratories of tho | ave used Baby Own, Tablets for_my

z baby who was badly constipated and
Nockefeller Institute For Medica) Ro- fhey quickly relieved him.

 

All moth-
box of these Tablets
Tie Tablets are sold

search’ and reported by them to the
. Journal of Experimental Medicine, re-
sult in proof thit these insects are in-
capable of infecting moukeys with this
disease.

 
   
   

Canadian Jews are permitted to en-

Hat in the Jewish Legion for service
in Palestine.

Lieut. J. Beverley Robertson's on-
cape from Germany is announced in a
despatch from England. $
Baron~ Shimpei Goto has been in-
stalled as Foreign Minister of Japan
in succession to Baron Motono, who
Motono’s policy, it

era should keep a

    

with

in the house.”

by medicine dealers or by mail at 25
fcents ‘a box from The Dr, Williams’

road

      
  
 
 

 
 

Drouiliatd © and Medicine Co.> Brockville, Ont,

Sau neieteemeeee
SANDWICH WEST.

. —The action of Paul and John Major,
brothers, of Windsor and Sandwich ol
West, to upset o will mado-by their) #0! ~
Paul Major, sr., of
Sandwich Weat, on the 28th of Octo-)
ber, 1917,- succeeded at Sandwich on
Siturday before “Chief Justice Sir
Glonholme Falconbridge. ‘Mr. Major,
who made two wills, one in October
and the second on November Ist, died}
eight days after the it. will was
made, The firat will
of the estate, whi
to the two

 

  
  
 
 

Force and Perseverance.
re are two ways of attaining an
important, end—force and persever-
ance, Foree falla lo the lot only of
the privileged few, but dustere and'sus-
tained perseverance can be practiced
by the most insiguiticant. ‘Its silent
power grows jirresistible with time.—

  
 
 

> whe

  
   
  
    
     
   
 
  
 
  

 

resigned recently,
ts declared, will be continued.

tish Government has cone
r tho purchhse of-virtually
the whole product of Australian zinc
concentrates for the pe

and: a decade therentter. >
Dr. Wakerli has accepted a com-
from Emperor Charles: of Aus-
oform 9 cabinet in Hungary In y
succession to the one under his Prem, ©
jorship, which recently resigned,
Swevtmeats: aro to--be ~sold: “under
regulation in Canada. after June 1:
sugar. This wartime le
on ee will meet
proval. 4 - a
The Minister of Justice In
of Commons: Monday present
‘}to amend the

purpose of th :
Where the procedding =
‘case in which a fine iss

tho authority hereof aro insti
tle instance <

by any office
fine shall be paid
such municipality;

proceedings are {nati
stance of or by any

such fines shall be

fathor, thé late

    
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
 

   
 
 
   
  

d under
tuted at
of any municipality or
r ofa m

riod of the war

all se be
my Jan-
the |

  

Tmgn

 

to the treasurer of
‘and. where such.
tuted at the -in:
Provincial officer,
‘to tho: Pro-
where such:

‘No Judge.
Is your -daught
ey ber Lapis ay
_ “I dunno,” replied Mr. Cumrox. “Ev-
starts a tune that

  
 

 
 

7.83, for a

       
 
 
   

ter, getting on’ well

  

6 per cent.
valued at $4,-
laughters, Mrs.
Eugene Reaume anil Mra. Rose Toron-'
geau, the balance to be divided be-
tween the two sons, who entered ac- th
tion to have this will probated and
‘| the second - one act “aside: on the}.
t it thoir father was {ll and
know what he. was
Belek signe:
\ ares i

 
 
   

   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
  

for a

 

poor per- 4 paid
John ery time Gindy. ti T id
- Drouil-| sounds pretty good to me her mother

saya so is dlnaying shocking tata

 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

   
 

repairs ‘to BaAvo

weneral ap
0 House
‘ou a bint
crimin! code tn regard
aes

aid In equal portions to
municipality and
Pr ie; and.

reasurér/of the

the |

 

» Man, Woman and Mouse. -
gett
woman, and 5

 
   

i | | ground:

i a

  
  
 

|

made

edit. The will
¢epal propartt

ve an «

munich;

  
the dainty lingerie they

In the Embroidery shop are all the fine Bagings
Embroideries "a Insertions and

Washable

@ woman could use on
ell ag for baby clothes.

a tendency to slimness, $1.10 to $2.25.
The Aprons, which can be worn as louse dresses,

are varied, well

 

sebbbi eseoeofeseles
woolrecereeledetenfntnfeo

GROCER S$

ORR CI
Oar a ear er ary Oar)

TOWN AND COUNTY.
—Everybody doing It—eating Spad’s
ios cream.
—bD? M Kemp. Rankin
gradually ting
—Four “
Beckett's te

vice.
~ —Mr, and MréoM. E. Sickelsteel, of

Detroit, spent the week-end with her
brother, Capt. F. J. Trotter, Park St

—Jud BE. Smith has pirchased an
ice cream and confectionery business
in Detroit, and takes “over same this
week

—Be Ready—For the canvass by the
Red Cross Circle of the Methodist
church for "Treasures and Trinkets”
for the melting pot on Sth, 9th and
10th of May. Proceeds for Y: M. C
A. for soldiers’ comforts.

—Leamington has also decided to
undertake improvement to {ts water-
works: system and is negotiating for

avenue, is

at Cc, W,

a site upon which to erect a reservoir |°

holding 1,200,000 gallons to meet the
requirements of the Fire Underwrit-
ers’ Association.

—Edwin Pearce, son of Principal |:
Pearce, ‘who has. been employed at
the Brunner, Mond. went_to- London
on Monday to enlist, but was turned
down as physically unfit owing to
chronic ear trouble. Mr. Pearce
showed his good intentions and can
now settle down to work.

—L. D., Hankinson,’ of Aylmer, of-
ficer of the Ontario Corn Growers As-
sociation, was in town on Tuesday
arranging with John Parks and Fréd,
Mickle to handle the car of Delaware
seed corn which will be shipped. here
for distribution among the corm grow-
ers.

—Following officers were recently
gJected in the Sacred Heart Society
of R. C. church:—President, Mrs'A.
Brown; 1st Vice-Pres., Misa Mary Sul-
iivan;\ 2nd Vice-Pres.,, Mrs. Henry.
Reaumeé; Secretary, Miss Elmire
Burns; Treasurer, Mrs. Eugene Cad-

* aret. “There will be a meeting of the
society next Monday night.

—Loule Phillips, who recently pur-
chased the Cousins black, corner Aps- ;
ley and Murray streets, has closed a
deal with a Chatham | merchant to
open a@ general store there shortly.
Mr. Phillips is also getting plans for
sebullding she place and erecting a
howling alley at tne rear, if war prices
do-not frighten him whey be eats the

construction ®atimates.

—Sr. Lieutenant J. F. Gleason, of
the U-boat chaser 8. S.No; 22,48 home
on a 14-day furlough. While over
here hé visited his grandmother, Mrs.
D. J. Girardin, and aunt, Mrs, AoC.
Callam. Lieutenant Gleason enlisted
4n the navy last September at Cleve
Jand and was mide Ensign immed-
jately, gaining his new title of Licu-
tenant in recognition of valor shown
while erigaged in*the service.

—On 4a certain day.in June, the
exact date of Which has yet. to be de-
termined, every man and woman “in
the Dominion who has attained the
age of 16 years will be required to
rogister, The registration will likely
be done in some such form by boards,
as was adopted at the Jast -Pedoral
elections in getting the Jat‘of voters.
There will be a general registrar for
each riding and he will have the ap:
pointment. of epumerators for each
Polling. sub-division.

., ~The unyelling of tle service flag
in- Wealey “Epworth League on Mon-}
‘day night was n very interesting pat-
Flotic event. The place wag crowded
to the doors, and the main feature of
the evening was preceded by a pro-
Bram of-real merit, consisting of solos
‘by Wm: Manson: flag dinlogue: and
c 9, 6 little girls; reatings, Mrs,
W. 8. Wigle; two"selections by Mins
Barrett's Glee Club; readings,: Miss
Hlizabeth Hough; trio, Misses Tonge
and pica; solo, Mi
Bolo,

Wigle: eee

SEEDS for Early Planting.
Our Spring Seeds are now all on display. .

Come in and secure your “Greater Production Supply”
before they are picked over.

J. H -LOVEG ROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont.

Stronger. Kk

cut, of good washable lasting ma-

 

 

—Read L. Bertrand’s great furni-
ture sale on page 4. a

—Miss
|; couple of Weeks {n Boston.

—Brunner, Mond Special sundaes, at
Saad’s. Everybody knows where,

—Come “in and Inspect our new
|Spring Suits and Overcoats. D, F.
Melvin. :

—See our line of Silk Shirts and
Collars; also “Victory” Linen Collars.
D. F. Melvin.

—Hello, —boys! Cigars, tobacco,
cigaretes and playing cards, at CeWw.
| Beckett's.

—Don't forget*to order that made-
to-measure suit at Melvin’s. Satis-
| faction guaranteed.

—No. 1 onions, 75 cents; No. 2
onions, first class for Planting, 25
and 50 cents per bushel, at Brault's,

—Mrs. W. J. Duncan and children

in

aks
eee
Gibb 1s sinking fast,
+ —Mrs. David Wright, who has been
very ill, as a good deal improved: =/#
—See Melvin's full line of children’s |
“Buster Brown” hose, in all colors.
—Saad’s ice creamjparlor and soft
drink fountain has been opened for the
season.
—Mrs." Alex. Cra
Capt. James Jarmin, is

with relatives at Winnipeg and Cal
gary.

5 , ' —Seed Potatoes—Early 6 Weeks,
dgughter.'of|Trish Cobblers, Rural New Yorker;
seriously ill | also some fine yellow turnips for sale
in Windeéor. |at Brault’s.

‘“—Capt. J. S, McQueen and crew} —“Power,” a magazine which should
have gone to Kingston to fit out the |be of great interest to many young
steamer City of Dresden. men around town, in now coming

—<andrew, Darragh, engineer at the reguiarly~ to “the Public Library. A
Chalmers‘ Auto Co,, Walkerville, has few of theinew technical books re-
arrived home to spend the summer. cently purchased haye. been placed on

—Miss Della Marks returned to De-! the shelves:
trolt Tuesday, accompanied by her | —Everybody’s doing it, Even the
nephew, Wyman Botsford, after cars on the S. W. & A. electric rail-
spending a weekjn this vicinity. | way started running on the new time

—The Mission * Band of Wesley | Wednesday morning. The tchedule
church, assisted by other tatent, will remains unchanged, and this removes
put on a concert the evening of May|the last bit of ‘confusion there was
24th See later announcements. Switching to legal time,

—The ice jam fn St, Clair river! Services will be held in the A. M.
was broken Sunday » morning and} E. church, King street, on Sunday as
since that time a big string of lake follows: -11 am. Miss Lyons will
freighters is. passing up and down the | preach; * 2.30 p-m.,. Sunday school;
river, 7.30 p.m., Epworth League; 8,30 p.m.,

—The steamer Australia, Capt. Ed. | preaching by Miss Lyons. | A cordial
Gatfleld from Lake Michigan to Lake welcome to all’

Erie, was the first loaded steamer —Drawing for the Red Cross cush-
through the Livingstone channel for]ion presented to the Homé Study Club
the season. by Mrs. Major Millard took place at

- E. Seagrave & Co,, manufac-'|the regular meeting of the club at the
turers of fire apparatus and extension | home of Mrs. A. Hackett on Tuesdily
ladders, have made an-assignment to }Afternoon. Mrs. (Dr.) French - held
J, W. Coatsworth, of Walkerville, for/the lucky ticket and won the cushion.
thesbenefit of their creditors. | —George Bonk hans purchased the

—St. Thomas newspapers have in- Comerford house and lot, Rankin ave-
creased their rates to $5 a year in |nue,at present occupied by Mray J, P.
St. Thomas, $4 in Aylmen,.: delivered, | Jones, and will, move+in this week,
and $3.50 by mail. The new subscrip-| Mrs: Jones going to the Bowman
tion rate went into effect on May 1st. | hotise lately vacated by Dr. Abbott.

—Our fce cream is pure, and as good | The deal was put» through by . Miss
48 ever, velvety smooth and delicions, Sullivan.
in pints, quarts or gallons at any time —Wesley church, Sunday, May 5th:
you. wish. » Delivered to your home,'|Speciak services, sacrament of the
C. J. Saad. )Phone:146. Lord's supper and reception of mem-

—Mr. and- Mrs. Jeff. Davis, accom-|bers at 11.30 a.m.. The school will
panied by the latter's sister, Miss |Mmeet at 10.30 a.m.; Brotherhood 9,30
Brothers, and Miss Beckett, sister of|a.m. At 7.30 am. the Men’s Choris
C. W. Beckett. G. N. W. telegraph,| will sing. Special address, subject:
agent, motored from Strathroy to | “Men with Iron in Their Blood,” 3
Amherstburg, this week, and spent a; It ig ahnounted fiom the office of
few days, | the deputy registrar in London that

—Following officers~ were elected |men of Category Bin Military - Dis-
by, Wésléy Ladies’ Aid on Wednesday: ftrict No. 1, ordered up for hearing
Hon. Prog, Mrs“L. W. Reid; Presi-| bofore tribunals, Iwill go before they
dent, Mrs. J. P.Z6nes: First. Vice- exemption boards om May 7th, It Ys
Pras., Mrs. F. P. Smith; Second Vice-} expected *that jt will take from ten
President, Mrs. Fred. Brown; Rec.|days to two weeks to hear the 1,600
Sec,, Mrs. A. W. Marsh; Cor. Sec., !eases, *
Mrs. R.! Dorsey;* Treas, Mrs. E. H,| ~—Pattyplaces Limited, ~ Bullders*
-Pearce;~ Auditor, Mrs. H. Park. Supplies, have in stock sewer crock,

— Windsor has @pnie in out of the| fue linings, fire brick and Clay, ce-
cold and has adopted’ the Government mont, bulk lime, hard ‘wall -p)nster,
time, At a meeting of the manufac. hydrated lime, plaster bars, mortar
turers and business mea Monday af-} color, white cement. Brey wainscot-
ternoon, a2” resolution affareid by Geo, | ting, corner beading, hair, Bishdpric
Rason, manager of he AV iciabal nEneen board, sacket
branch of the Frederick\ Stearns Co., | beaver board, sand and
pledging the city’s support to tia new | lath, wall coping, etc,
time, being carried by a vote of 62 to| -—-During fogs or heavy amoke, St.
24, It usually takes Windsor two to| Clair Flats canal, ‘St. Clair river, be-
three weeks to catch up with public}tween the canal and Russell fsland;
sentiment, | Livingstone channel, between Lake

—A- despatch from’ St. Thomas | Erie and Fighting Island; ship canal
suys: “District Engineer F, H. Wil-| at upper middle west side buoy No.
son, of the Hydro-Electrice Commis-|'13, and the main channel crossing be-
sion of Toronto, was in St. Tiomas|tween Bolle Isle and Peche Island,
Saturday and inspected all the Manu-/re not to be navigated by vessels,
facturing plants in the city, which pos-{ This agreement hos been reached
sibly can revert to steam operation, | between Capt. D. F. A. deOtte, U. s.
and advised thelr owners to prepare | N» section patrol commander of the
to do so in the“hear future. Orders | réiit“lakes, and shipmastera and of-
have also been recelvedby Manngor | ficers. These rules are to prevent ac-
E. H, Oaughiell, local mMineger there, |cidents in narrow* channels, Capt.
asking him to conserve the electric | eOtte’s fleet will war on launches and
supply as much as possible which is | Other small craft that disobey. war
now being used for all “Purposes, and | egulations prohtbiting the drifting by

that there must. bo ~ aj OF’ fishing’ near, freighters ‘in Detroit
further cut of 200 horse-power in the| Tver. This is to prevent disloyal per-

Present consumption.” Similar action | 8908 placing obstructions to naviga-
being taken in various other Hydro-|{ion in tho river. ‘The patrol_com-
using cities and towns in Ontario: in. | ™ander requests yachtsmen and power
dieates that there {5 small.chance of {boat operators to assist naval vessels
Bssex county municipalities, where |!0 maintaining a proper policing of
the Hydro-Power Commission recently | iver trae this summer.
took over the present system, boing

juice until after

"| Sister: Adelia in ae
at St. Joseph's Aéiidemy on Thursday |
evening of last week. It was ®& musi-

cal’ treat long to be remembered’ and
both teacher and pupils were
}ered with

gravel, metal

for additional help and in many cases:
it Is impossible to obtain it.

ry
leasing mannors, evident in. both
and the older pupils. Those
{cipated in tho program were
M ; Dorothy and Dor
ad, R.A

Haze] Falls is spending a’

jleft on Monday on an extended visit,

dent in the chair;

plaster board, |-diff

‘MALDEN.

Read L. Bertrand’s great furniture
sale on page 4.

Master Ross Wright is recovering
{rom a severe attack “of pneumonia,

Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Bratt spent Inst
Sunday at Levi Wright's,

We are pleased to report that Earl
Martin is recovering from heavy
attack of mensles, a

Reg. Wood is quite il] and unable
to attend to his work. at the store. We
hope for:his speedy recovery,

Forest~Sellars has purchased "a
new automobile.
success with his new machine.

The*Malden Dramatic Club present
their famous entertainment at Pat-
rons’ Hall, Andeidon, May 8th, in
the interests of Red Cross.

Among the pupils whose examina-
tion and work has-been accepted for
High Schoo) Entrance by farm work
are those of Ainslie Séllars and Nor-
man Mickle. of S. S. No. 4. ;

The young people of Malden will
repeat their plays, “The Wayfarers”
and the “Persecuted Dutchman” in
Union Sunday schoo! No. 2 on Monday
evening, May 6th. Proceeds for Red
Cross. Everybody invited.

The regular monthly meeting ‘of
the W. M. S. and Ladies’ Aid Society
will be held at the home of Mrs. Wi]-
fred Martin on Wednesday of next
Week, May Sth. Meeting to commence
at 2 o'clock. ‘Everybody welcome.

In spite of the disagreeable’ storm
TWésday night last, a good sized
audience were highly entertained by
the Malden Dramatic Club at S. S. No.
2. The Club will repeat their program
on Monday next, -May 6th, in the
same building. {n the interests of the
Red Cross.

Malden ghould -be very proud of
Reginald Jukes, whd has succeeded in
carrying off the scholarship of first
year at O. A.C, Guelph. Reginald’s
work throughout the year has been
splendid, and‘ Essex county is greatly
indebted’ to him*for the honor.

Communion servicés will be held in
the’ Methodist church next Sunday
at 10,30 a.m., ‘subject: “Glorying in
the Cross.” The fellowship meeting
will be held in!connection with the
evening service, All members of the
church are expected to be present at
these services and all’ others will re-
ceivé a real welcome.

A largely attended meeting “was
held in the town hall, Monday night,
when the matter of protesting to the
Government agafnst the conscription
of bona-fide farmers was discussed.
Several speakers were heard and the
matter thoroughly aired. It was do.
elded to circulate petitions through-
out ‘the township, and Alex. Dingle,
of Malden, and Oliver Reaumie, of
Anderdon, were appointed to present
te petitions tox the Government at
Ottawa, next week, 4

The Malden Red Cross Circle met
Tuesday afternoon, April 30th, in the
Methodist church, Malden, the presi-
There was a large
attendance of members _and four new
Mémbers joined. A bale was packed
for sh}pment to Hyman Hall, London,
with” following contents: 20 suits
Pyjamas and 9 pair socks, value $41.-
25. A 8enerous bale of clothing for
Women 4nd children was also _for-
warded to the {Secour Nationale,”
London, for French relief work. This
{8 Ynlued at $25. The reports of the
erent departmenta of work ara
Very gratifying. Since this socicty
was organized s{x months ago, five
bales containing — soldiers comforts
have been shipped to Hyman Hall, the
total value $300; 100 pair of socke
were included in these, $264.39. has
been raised in fees, donations, teas,
and entertainments. — The total dex.
penses “have been $217.92—for yarn,
$113.55; goods, $100.87; incidentals,
$3.60;-halance on hand, $46.47,

The entertainment given in the
Methodist churchon Thursday. even-
Ing of Inst week under the auspices
of the Malden Réd Cross Circle was
Q&. complete success -in every way.

Program was of a -high order.
Mr..Manson and Misa Alma Langlois,
of Amherstburg, . rendered delightful
solos. Miss Florey ave Most excol-
lent. readings, while \. Mra. Melvin
charmed the audlencé ‘with her- in-
strumentad music given on the new
organ recently ingtalled. “The address
given by Rev. (Captain) Graham, of
London, was the principle feature of
the entire programs, It was simply o
Masterpleco, and those who were not
there missed a great treat. In his
Sraphic address he paid'a very high
tribute to the women who ate engaged
in the Red Cross work threughout the
land. . He put lay omphasis
upon the fact that
France were ploughing
putting in the gr
'feol that we, in thi
ink buat little’ as coi

and

the flelds
He

We wish him every,

je women of}

lives. Only one sister survives, Mary
Anne, of Standish, Mich. She is 82
years of age. The other members of
the family were Mrs. Patrice Barron,
of Ambherstburg; Israel, Joseph,
Xavier, of Malden. Mr. and Mrs.
Langlois were married in the Roman
Catholic church, - Amherstburg, 58
years ago.in June, and they spent
their married life on the 4th conces-
sion and on the river front. To them
were born eleven children, only four
of whom are living—Demas and Mrs:
Fred. Girard, of the river front;
Adolpb and .Katle, at home, Mr.
Langlois died 3 years ago Jast Decem-
ber.. Mrs. Langlois had been failing
for two years from diseases common
to one of her advanced age: The
funeral was held Wednesday morn-
ing to St. John Baptist church, Am-
herstburg, for services, followed by
interment In the R. C, cemetery, the
pallbearers oeing Theodore Bondy,
Ben Bondy, Pierre Bondy, Lewis and
Thomas Langlois and Alex. -P. Me-
loche-. Among those from a distance
at the funeral were’ Miss Almeda
Langlois, Mrs. Henry Meéloche, Miss
Delia Dawson and Mr. and. Mrs. Fred.
Primeau,

—All “Kinds, of Sewing Machines,
Talking Machines, Organs and Pianos
repaired at Brault’s Music Store.

—Miss Ida Farney leaves to-day
(Friday) for her home in Simcoe af-}
ter a delightful visit of a month at
Dr. R. H. Abbott's, os

—A fine assortment of Karn and
Morris Pianos, Columbia Grafonolas
and records, the reliable New Wil-
Hams sewing machine, musical instru-
ments of all kinds, at Brault’'s New
Music Store.

—Mr.-and Mrs. G. EB. Pulford re-
celyed a letter from their, son, Pte:
Milton Pulford, this’ week. He is in
training at Camp Wardsworth, ‘Spar-
tanburg, South Carolina, with Co; \E,
27th Div, and expected to return to
Long Island camp shortly,

Bondy—In Colchester
26th,

Essex, |S April” "27th,
jihe wife of Mro James Linton,
jr, of a son. ‘ c -

Massender—Iin  Mersea, Thursday, Apfil
i8th, 1918, the Wife of Mr, Byron
Massender, of a son,

Matthews—In Colchester ¢ uth, the wife
or Mr. Forest Matthews, of a son.

Malott—In Kings lie, Thursday, April. 25th.
1018, the wife of Mr, Bernie Malott,
of a daughter, ,

Smith—In_ Kingsville, Friday, April 20th,
io the wife of Mr, Noderlek Smith,
of a son,

Stephenson—in Colchester South, Satur-
day, April 20th, 104%, the wife or Mr.
George Stephenson (nee Mhy- Tome-

a mals AC daughter,

yler—tiIn Amherstborg, Friday, April 26th,
19418, the wife of Mrs Freie m Tyler,
(nee Miss’ Nowene Conkright), of 9

daughter,
Thompson—in Tilbury West, Thursda: ,
25th, the wife of MY

pril ois,
i n. of o
pril 25th,
ee Willan,

MARRIAGES.
Nenden—Brower—At_ Al Saints church,
Windsoc wea April 27: 1018,
by Rev. D..W. Collins, Mr. W.
den, of \Wildsor, to Miss Emi vi We
ér, late of England. x
Helfr. P. At the R. C. church, Me-
Tuesday, April 30th, 1913, by
Fr. Pinsonneault, Joseph, son’ of
Mr. Maurice Helfrich,’ to, Miss Xavier,
daughtor of Mr. Jacob Parent, all of
Anderdon. ‘
Rol—Paquette—at the R. c, church, Mc-
Gregor, Monday, April 20;
Rev. Fr. Pinsonneawit,
oMr. \Hormidas Noi,” of And rdon, sto
Miss Susie, daughter of Mr. Felix Da-
quetta; of Colchester North, 4
Louls—Bondy—at the Rt. Cc. chtireh,
Loiselieville, Tuesday, — A 23rd,
1018, by Ney. Father. tal Belle, Mr,
Hat Lec “Bony adits
q a ondy) daughter of Mr.
El dy, or Lalsetioviites
= = eS ES

:
Wednesd: M
Bondy, aged 6.

Monday, April
Blackburn, aged
Ys 4

Hondy—in Amherstburg,
4st, 1918, Thomas

“years,
Blickburn—in Windsor,
29th, 1018, Thomas
Folaonnterent
‘olde r—At the Sanitariam, Union-on-
the-Lake, Saturday, pa 27th, 1918,
Nicholas Foldenster, of Ford, aged 98

Fredericks —1n sor, Friday, April.2ot
; YT ib Fredorieka woe

1918, Mr:
72 years. ~

ms, aged

& f =
Perhaps long knit underwear
was considered an uninterest- a
ing nedessary part of one's at- —
tire. Not so now.

Manufacturers have learned ~ i
that women love the most ex- E
quisite daintiness .and finest |
tailoring, trimmings, simple E
and attractive on even so or-
dinary a garment as a knitted
vest or union suit.

 

Dainty Footwear for Spring,

No matter what calling the Canadian woman may follow:

be she business woman, a devotee of soclety, or engaged in ser-
ious Red Cross work—her taste for dainty footwear remains con-
stant, and will be so indulged in the selection of her Spring
. Footwear. Women of every age and position in life will respond
to the appeal af Berube’s footwear.

¢ WALL PAPER WEEK
+ APRIL 22nd to 27th

Chase-the Gloom from Every Room
Get the Cheero Spirit.

 

Come in and sée thé beautiful new Spring Styles.
New Wall Papers will lighten your hearts and brighten-
your homes. - It’s a tonic to winter's weary walls.

a

i a a a ae OR

z

+

-

am

of

f

3

fe Right now in the thick of the spring drive on dirt when
% the rugsare up and thé house is disarranged generally— -
3 have those rooms re papered. They need it and Wall
Paper Weekis the time to see our Wail Papérs.. Come in
+ and see ‘us:

+
+
+
:
ofe
fe
t

Barlow & McCormick

GROCERIES & PROVISIONS
AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

~ Fashion’é latest ideas and novel effects in’
Crepes and Poplins. .

Voiles and Ginghams in every combination
of colors, stripes, plaids, checks and plain colors.

EPS
: . : 0, we a:
love Sead of Ti On, ia] SFA PRESETSSESSSSSS.

“—Joseph Saad, of Tiffin, Oh{o, hag
taken charge of hia unclo's fce cream
and confectionery store for the sum-
mer.

—Mrs. Alfred Pylford, who suffered
a stroke of paralysis.in Windsor two
weeks-ago, remains“ a very critical
condition. Fi :

—Daniel Morrow, Supt. of Peche Ig.
land, and family moved to the Maxwell
house, Sandwich street, which he re-| 3
cently purchased, ,

—Mre. Kitchen

: $ arrived,
_At includes the best pa-
pers and* borders on the
market, Sos :

It is reasonably priced, ¢

5 ris
Call and IMspect it.
3 ; :
Streets in town are P :

of repair, and re-

attention. of the town

scraper. - "

—The ninety-ninth anniversary of

Herrington —i* Olt. ;.
Eat ‘914, Mine : Hochst oADrit Parag ee was celebrated through-

the 80th
Langiois—in Maldon

1918) Mrs. Chris

the 81s)
Maxwell—In

Moonay=-in Maiaston
; “ab 4918, Michach

Id on Sunday by attending |
In Amherstburg, Ross,
28, over Seventy-five strong,

| Novice fs
J stati
ARES OF the. Court

 

tocol fooheofeoferfeafon

Scratch & Co, #

; FEEEEEEEEL EEE EEE EE ES

+
t

bits t )

wae

5S

rf
