“4

pe

eeooeorce

See

a itor vee
CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000 |
A’ General Banking

98 Branches dn-Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY; ORDERS

“SAVINGS BANK DEPARY MENT’

¥ ‘i
Interest aliowed at highest current rate .

R. B. SAMUEL, Managef,
-Kingaville Branch.

coccnoadaeweagees0rs

BY

Phono 206, Amherstburg. ~~’

ar LE—A new modern coment block
eon river front; 3 acres ‘of ground.
MisS M. SULLIVAN, see
FOR SALE—A> now modern house on
river front with all modern improvements,
MISS M. SULLIVAN. ! BES
FOR SALE—Large house in town; first-
class repair; al modern conveniences;
cheap. Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amberst-
burg; <PONO Gs cooper foe ep
: “SALE—Eigiit-room: house with mod-
ames On Daynst Street, also
Darn; $3,200. “Best o€ forms. Owner lett
town. «MISS . SULLIVAN, gee
IR SALE—AIL kinda’ of G0 “and 100-
Se rennis in Andérdony “Malden and Col-
chester South; good Bargains, 7M. SULLI-
VAN, Phone 206,"Amhorsthurg.

‘OR SALE—50-acoo farm on 8th Con.
etenmidon, black loam land, with # house
ind stable ‘on® same; also a good orchard.
Will be sold cheap.’ Apply MISS MAKY
SULLIVAN.® 2 .

“FOR SALE—

0 and iarge
bull . About two miles: fron

and. chturche*
LLIV. 4

 

acre farm _ with good
barn, aleo other gost

room House id 10k, juss
40. foot fromédgey. rund to
bank; $40 feet deo Owner
jJeaving, Wants, to; “sell.
SULLIVAN, _Phano “2065050
FOR SALELavge lot on North Street,
60 frontipe, “343 Teet deep; oll un-
ed, Young Cult (and shade trees,
sold reasonable, Apply MISS -M.
: Ami thurg, Phone §
FOR SALE—Tworstoray . (rin

j ig_ of 7 rooms and path

too on sdme’ fot, Murr
burg, formerly Tarmiture “st
sion on short notice, MISS M. S$

be

LIVAN Se ae

FOR SALE—Resitience on Dalhousie’ St,,

with large lawn, 90-feet frontage Dy 270

Thth deep, House—3 bed -rooms, doublo

citchen. One of the

avions In. 46Wwn: facing river front.

y MARY SULLIVAN, Fort Street, “Box
Phone 200,

of cultivatfon, good for truck
Rurdun; some fruit trees; cheap. Also
anal] new housé In town t be moved
from the premises: ERK tponken oes
Also two-storey. InAahiss HO With Fare
age; Sandwich Miron SUULiVAN.

Neh state

aa gestotseteosasocascenasestsl SSCSOSOSEDEGOOE

 

 

5; VHT HICH,
Aoply MISS. M.} 2

. Rings rep.

Phurg P.O.

‘i

HYDRO POW2R AND LIGHT,
The towns and villages of Bssex
county setved by the Hasex | County
Nigh® system, wern awitchod t6 Hydro
powor and Iigh¢ ov Saturday Aast and
the result so far jing been véry satis.
factory, . It tool imly sever hours to
make the change, id during that time
Glectricians were busy Installing 25-
eycle motors thrarhout the system,
80 thit there was no appreciable in-
terruption in tie work of production.
Everything went ef without a hitch;
and the wilidle comty of Essex, the
farthest poiit in the province to which
Niage julee fs ismitted, is now
| art, of the Provincial Hy-
item. Power users find that
| Hydro energy has considerable more
“pep” than tl supplied before, but
the 1] powerful, the
fickor about s0 much has been
| Writton, Is very noticeable at first, par-
ticularly with co ds 8. As the
town is not gett dellvery of
@utronsformer o apy . for the
pal sub-station, there will be no

et ligits for about a month

TRUSTEES’ CONVENTION.

S BANK

Business Transacted

are

2 “¥
“W. S.“FALES,’ Manager,
; */ Amherstburg Branch,

 

Fecccecvve oc: coovovL Orde eBOoUCHaDDE GCS!

A convention of trustees and«rate-
payers—both 4 Public and Separate

— school supporters—will be held in the
Advertisements in cliseified ei y .
cont a word. No chargo fess than 28c,|¢°WN hall, Essex, at 10 am. Wednes

Small advertisomonte, 16 words or under, | 1ay, the 12th inst., to which all—men |
3 times for 60c. and women—are cordially invited. Dr.

“FOR SALE—Quantity of timothy
FLOY BEETHAM, Phono 601-12. |
FOR SALE—Sinull fruit farm near Am-

hersiWurg, Apply at The Echo OMmee,

FOR SALE—Irish Gobbier secd potatovs,
THOMAS PALEN, Ildrrow P, 0, Phone

FOR SALE

8 umn one

 

Inspector of}

holm, Assistant Chief

Schools, ~will be present and deliver |
fiddresses that will be of much import- |
ance and should be of lasting value.
Free diacussion is invited. “Persons |
usual'y become interested in and pro- |
fit by a convention in proportion to}
the part they take in its proceedings.

Come one and all from all parts of the

TE

y. Kiving milk
now, 3 years old. (P, » Harrow
Pr O. Phone 68-12, :

FOR SALE—Aboul 100. bushels of trst
class potatoes at $1.50 a bushel. Apply to |
ELIE COTE, Auld-P. 0,

= FOR SALE—ouse and lot with ail mod: County and make am, rousing conven-

tion. Every Board of Trustees should

on improvements, Apply LOUIS MERO,
jbo represented,

Sandwich st p » Amherstburg,
FOR SALE—Top bugey

cheap if sold at once.

RONDY, Phone 102, Amber:

LOST.

LOST—Somewhare
Friday, January 31
monogram
] Jeave at A: J,
lore, Amherstburg, - ss

LOST—Hetween St. Armatd: Street and
the Lake or on S., W. & An}
, diamond shaped

Nd brooch with red stone In center, Val
ued as keepsake. Reword if returned to]
: — [MAS IY DENBAU, Box 178, Amberstbarg.
ele at ATE roa O Usa. T ‘ aot LOST—A yellow . Sliepherd dog, white
t é A MANSON [breast and short tall, came to my place

ve gabe *} this week. Owner can getsamo on prov-

DE D miy sud) paying for this advt, Lb,

Road, Malden,

stburg, on

one gold ling cum)
Ki.” Finder will
BUNAS’ furniture

. |
p Rodel = at 2 |
FOR BSALE—A inodern house
mond street; 2 acres of ground. 7
ata Durcain, Apply to MISS St AN

“FOR SALE—Oor eoxchango for Cattlo—a
Sgrrél mare, weilxhs about 1150 pounds
Apply, to GILBERT TREMBLAY, MeGreg

FOR SALE—A 6 hipy motor hay pre
Cheap if sold at onee, Apply top RICHAN
A. Ry No. 4, Auk
OpS- 32,

Modern conveniences

M.OUELLETTE, iit

Lost---Stray Lamb

RICHARD DELISLE
Phone-618 - ring 1 & 4

6th Con., Anderdon. a

78 7 z |
NOTICE.

 

good young pandor,

MAS. HILTON MICKLE,

Nerstburg, Phone 617-485, =
NOTICE—Anyone wishing gasoline ¢

at thelr own hor

to WARRY. : INSON, Comeessio

den. A.W No, 2. 18% réasonab!

FOR SALE. oo Bantan 3
corn for seed, a Cap Yellow Dent,
$2.75 fore 70 Is, - All well dried,” hOY
FOX, Arner, ~Phone

FOR SAL = farm yur
nerves; On cor 7th con.,
Malden. -For ¥ to THOS,

THONNTON, étmberst- | TO whom tt may co

I will not be respunsible for any ac.
counts contracted in my ame by any one
WhatsoeVer without my written order,

SAMUEL NENACH.
Amberstburg, Janucry 29th, 10,19.

 

~ Goyvern-
, heat

FOR SALE—Red clovor
MAnt tesh No. t; Wisconsir T
dried, testing 98% germin apd good
payera heap.’ Apply «to ‘5. tail

 

 

 

FOR SALE—50- farmy Gih’ ‘con.,
Aiterivion, “halt “mile om Auld Sination,
Lule’ from ehurch; 34 Mile from s@hool;

n road. Good house, barn, grainery,

Splendid Well- with windmill; large

11 aeres meadow, 5 acres good

t; rest plowed for spring>work.

Injmediate possession. For «terms, ete,

dpply M, SULLIVAN, Phofig 206, Amherst-
bury.

TO RENT.

TO RENT—Furnishéd rooms y for
limit hotisekeepingy ‘Apply- MRS. ie

SOODCTILD,: Kamsay Street, Amheystbure,

TO RENT—Storo jn Hadley «Block, Am

herstburg, lately~bedupied by Holsoy Park,

finmediate poasesdion. Apply, to W.- A.

HADLEY Chathani, ‘ a

TO NT—Nodern Nit dyer Bank of
Comunerco—fine large “roms” new decor-
Alhd. - laymediite possession,” SPNANKLDD
A. HOUGH, Barrister, Amborsthirg.

TO RENT—Cholcw tobacco ground on
sharém, Als land for ather crops. Dwolk
ie house dnid-wwerything Surnished. App!)
AKO, §, CORNWALL 48t cop.,. Colchester

K qPhgne 45-91. Harrow P, 0., R.

 

perienced, farm “hand by
“eh on season, Apply td WM. A.-BAILEY,
Anite Ont.

vANTED— ‘our thing wy Sark on atitotys
7 tink -Gariy in April. Aj 4o LEWIS
DEBRY, WOK. No; are w

WANTED—Ono of iwo Suerkelle men
{o.represent Us as ‘Kalesmen for gur well
KHOWn Nursery Stock on) s jiberal spare
time on thelr hands
Ny Tor Tarmerssor. farmers
Vine on. theor handy ine: the winter
Months, ~ Apply  immiediat to”, CAVERS
HOS, R. R, 41, Fruitignd; Ont.

during “We winter
ins With some

< : aa 5 oF
The policy ofthe Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited,
© lowest possible price consistent with de-
ality-is too.well known to require comment. There-
Feaea conditions there can-be no change in|

to sell its cars for th
‘Pendable qui

Tore, because of p
the price of Ford: ;

Niver Halden, —Phone.gps | NOTICE

FARM FOR SALE—50 “farm In 6th

can.) : P| ary” tile ‘ "1 *
minat And me oe re Having purch 1 the shares of Charles

stable a Of Pall wheat | 2., Hackett{-and F. J. Maloney In the Den-
RroWwir Inmeilinte possession. given, J iko Drug Co,, all those owing acrounts to,
LEAN GOLDBN, Auld P.O. the Denik® Drug Co. are notined to pay
— * ————— Same to me promptly, and 1 will De« fr

OR SALE—One of tho Diggestand best sponsible for all lintilities owingyby the
hing, outhts with all tools and equip- | Company.
1. IL DENIKE,

same; also two. sets .of ~ gools,
Amherstburg, January TAY 1919...

and. carpenter's; «al) houxohnold

Hiding. EU “ROY L,
Moe: 2 a -

z : Si a a a he i ee

FOR SALE—Dilled hay, baled straw, seed | | ‘ f +

Darley, seed, obts, mixed grain; second-hand IS IT WALL PAPER

I

YOU WANT? -

- a

Ditkey, dump. cart and harness, four good

buggy Wheels, and two good mileh cows.
* See J. J. SINCLAIR

or Dapkable notes, AS. DOUSSEY
INS AU P, OL Pn .

Dalhousie Street,
Amherstburg _

FOR SALE—House aid

sirable property known
eel be btetaninefeateatocfortesfoofe

WE HAVE

ory estate, situated on ¢ ' of Mor
Afeo und Maple Streets in the Village of
5,000 4” Drain Til
65,00 rain Tile
$24 per: M.

Harrow, and being village lot pt 12, -Fort
f.o.b. Essex.

THOMPSON BROS,, Ltd.

(i W. JACKSON, Sarnia, Agent for In-
Windsor and Essex,
\

|
spector of Prisons and Publi pcitt |
CITY CAFE.

thr
mont for
phim st
furniture, if
TAYLOR, Colchester.

 

 

Montrom-

Be a

+
+
+
-
+
+
+
+
+
c2
<
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+

Bh ta i as a

 

on foundation;
and burry house;
ears, peaches, small fruits:
ys GVO ae

G. W.

wire fences; apples,
school close
cast of Har-

FOR SALE—Northeast: corner Lobs3, 51h
Ont.
_— ;

Gon Malden, containing 6 adres. Gooa
The City Cafe has heen thoroughly

dwelling, horse stable, cow stable, machine

shed, plz pen and hen house; two good
overhauled and retitted, papored and paint-
6d. throughout ; 8 2

wells and’ a cistern. Lots of small frult
= v *, 6
IS NOW OPEN_.

and an orchar Is located Just across
All modern improvements have boen

fram Nalden Nifer store; 1% mile from
school, 1% miles from chureh, Immediate

added and the whole place changed to an

up-to-date Cafe, >

ossesKion. Apply HOWARD GIBB, A. RW.
2 nhersiburg. Phone 613 E
FOR SALE—Farm of 167 acres for sale
ete willbe served from 6 A.M. to)
_Tho most modern system will be mains’

or ‘exchange. Part of Lots 15 and 16 in
2nd Concession, Colchester South; two

tained. b

~ The public aro cordially invited to give
remises,

houses on foundations, oae with baseinent;
US & Call-and inspect the 3
ve you satisfac-

artesian well; windmill; one spring well;
Cement cistern of soft water; good barns
‘e will guarantee to.
tory. services and will ohdeavor to cater to
it will please,

one tobacco barn; wood
your, wants in 8 manne

THE OF

hay. | McCullough, Chlef of the Health Com- pao only on h ;
mission of -Ontarlo, and W. J, Chis-|@"

|honey!

{turned this
Grampjan;:

Card, A.

ALL TROOPS HOME

force since Septeinper,
be paid to fish@rmen
Jumbin salmoy,
The announcement adds that all re-
striction’ O} bakers and confectioners
have also

dect on February 10th.
i a on EES
VICTORY LOAN SUBSCRIPTIONS,’

cow)
mitt

THE

THE SAGE OF PELEE ISLAND.
St e

4 A“
JOHN MAHONEY.
The above {s a strilding likeness of

John Muhoney, of Pelee Island, sage,
)philosopher, poet,- writer, fisherman-

farmer, and warm friend of everyone,

{sn
t South yenerally.
honey has the ready wit so chnoracter-
istic of the Irjsh, {9 @ fluent. talker;
a fimous relator of marine yarns, and

possesses a versatile pen, which he

}uses In writing most interesting ef.

fusions from Pelee to The Etho,

Ladies and rentlomoygneet Mr. Ma-

ESSEX COUNTY SOLDIERS RE-
TURN. +

Following Essex county soldiers re
week on tho - steamer

Windsor—Major J.-C, Tolmie, P.
iderson, G. R. Woodlson.

Walker s—R. G. Jolinson, H, A,

| Cooper.

a =

THE BRUNNER, MOND PLANT.

On iccount of genera! business con-

| ditions-eXisting in the country, Brun-
ner,
{cided not to-put thelr plant im oper-
jation until it is ascertained what Can-
jada is’ going to do.

Mond Canada, Limited has de-

G. S, RUTHERIORD,

Manager.
$$ De

BY NEXT AUGUST

The Minister of Militia, states that

when the St. Lawrence river js, opeh-
jed to navigation that the movement of
troops from overseas Will be expedit-
ed, und {t Is expected that all will be
home by August:
port that the Third Division will come
|first, and ‘says that so. far as possibte
the men will be returned by: units.

He confirms’ the re-

re ene

& MAN KILLED.
362

WALKERV

Willard Dalrymple, Lincoln

Road. Walkerville, about 30 years old,
jwas hit by, ay Essex Terminal shunt-
ing engin near the Dominion Stamp-
ing Co.’s plant, shortly aftér 12 o'clocle
Saturday afternoon and instantly icill-
ed. Dalrymple, jt is thought, was walk-
ing along the-track from the Stanping
lant,” where he was employed; and
did not hear the engihe.

e ~
LIFT RESTRICTIONS

ON RETAIL GROCERS,
AND EATING HOUSES

All restrictions-on three classes of
food licenses, 4.¢., Fetn{ dealers, whole-

sale grocers and phic eating places,
have been withdraw} hy order of the

Canada Food Board announced
Tharsday/
pre-war trade conditiong,
ers shal! not be requiied to obtain lic-
ense or renewal of Sime, Previous or-

ders of the board arected by this re-
vocatjon are Nos. 47. Fa z P

on
They May now. return to
Such sleal-

22 and 46.

has been in
fixing prices to
for British Co-
is likewise repealed,

Order No. 63, Which

heen removed, to take ef-

A new table ofthe subscriptions to

the 1918 Victory Loan shows a total of

ARE a9 28 Taking the Dominion as

scribed,
1917.
the nb ae
not approached: jg ;
See Bruit bykdny other province
one. in 4.98. In
Were 1,104,107 suf
with, 874,831 in 1%,

subscriptions Ontario algo was’ in’ the

lead, with °$1314)
coming eboands “6, British Columbia

Minion asa wh)5;
capita, comp,,

vious year,
tawa tha

Dominio# will accept $660,000,000, the
balance heing a : ”

the Idigest,
undersigod

One ‘nerson in every 7.08 sub:
COMPAted with one In 9.02 In
In Ontario ona in every 4,72 of
subscribed, a record

Columbia, . which was
the Dominion there
scribers, compared
7. In per capita

‘ith $91.68: The Do-
le averaged $88.91 per
with $53.27 the pro-
‘At 1s announced ‘from Oj-
Ot the total subscribed the

furned baclé to some of
subscribers, as had been
from. the first.

COUNCIL COMMITTEES.

| At Gimeeting of the Amhorstburg
+ Tuesday night, standing com-
wore étruck 1 for the ‘year as

follow: > * ‘
Our prices: win be found reasonable, and | Fintice—Mesere/ Denike,- Turner,

sorviee second to non
oe ee

of Works—Messra. McBride,
© Purker:. > 4h aunan

eaers. Wigle, Bertrand

Lar, | respect

itive isle but through-
Mr. Ma-

COUNTY

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1919

DEATH OF THOMAS SQUIRE,

Thomina Squire, prosperous retired
farmer, died at Leamington on Satur-
day in“the 77th year of his age. He
had beenin strong and yigorous health
until Jnat fall, when; he, suffered se-
vere Injurfes sustained in an nutomo-
bile accident, and from that time he
began to fail. The Squire family «is
one of the well known ser
most widely diffused families of
Essex Courity, the, first of that
name coming to tiils peninsula
Nearly a century ago, and settling in
the vicirlty of Olinda, Gosfleld South,
Ho was Thomas Squire, sr., father of
the subject of this sketch, and of
eleven children that were horn to him
only two survive, Mrs. Joseph Robin-
son, of Essex, and Mrs, Dowler, of
Maryland. ‘The others were: The
Jate Mrs, James Hillerd, Wm. Squire,
John ‘Squire, the late Mis. © Joseph
Fox, of Amherstburg; Mary , Ann
Squire, Naomi (Mrs. William Bororw-
man, of Anderdon,). Melvina Squire.
Thomas Squire spent. his whole
Mife (until he retired {n 1903) in farm-
ing near Olinda. He was married
three times, first to Rebecca D. Cum.
miford, who,bore him two children:

Minnie Alzora (deceased), and Gecelia-

May (Mrs, A. H. Wood), of Gosfield
His second marriage was to Mary
Jones, and they had two children;
Ernest Wilford and Howard Barle.
His third wife was Phoebe Smith, of
Rochester; there are no children by
this marriage, and she survives him,
Mr. Squire was a consistent member
of the Methodist church and the fun-
eral services Monday afternoon, at thre
realdence, were conducted by the Rev.
L. W, Hill, pastor of the Leamington
Methodist church... Burfal was at
Olinda, under the auspices of Beaver
Lodge, No. 82, 1.0.0.F., of which he
had been a member for many years.
By nature Mr. Squire was of a very
genial disposition and the popularity
and high esteem in which he was
held wa4 evidenced by the very large
number who attended his funeral. It
should be mentioned in this connection
that the County Council two years ago
purchased the gravel pit on part of
the old Squire homestead Olinda,
and from this 1s taking the metal for
the County Good Roads ‘system.
oa
INTERCESSION DAY
For CONFERENCE

SET FOR FEB. 16th

By an order-in-Council passed on
January 23rd, a Day of Intercessior
for the Beace Conference has been set
apart. *

The Committee of the Privy Council,
on the recommendation of the Seare-
tary of State, advise that Sunday, the
16th ‘day of February, 1919, be set
apart for a Day of Intercession for the
Peace Conference, that its “deliber-
ations may_result in the establishment
of a»World-wide peace on a just and
permanent foundation. i

Se oe

DRAINAGE COURT.
. Drainage Referee Henderson held
courtyat Sandwich this week. One of
the most important cises was the ap-
peal made by; the County of T8yex
against, the n8sessment for the Fou-
cher drain on the townline_ between
Maiden and Anderdon. This drain was
being put through by Malden, and: as
part af it is on the townline, whith
wus fssumed by the. county as a
county road, the enginger’s reports
were altered, séveral times at the sug-
géstion of the Good Roads Superinten-
dent, and later an appeal was entered.
A compromise judgment. was rendered
to the effect that the assessment on
thé Townline. Road charged ‘to the
county was reduced $200 and placed
on the $rd and 4th concession roads
of Milden, while Malden pays- the
costs*which are tobe charged to the
roads, owned by the townsh(p, assess-
ed in the-drain.

—Dr. Maxwell, Inspector Public
Schools South Essex, is *payinz his
semi-annual visit to the Ambérstburg
schools,

—An 80-acre tract, known asthe
David Clark farm, néar the projécted
steel company of Ojibway, was sold
to a sYnlicate of Chicago and Detroit
capitalists at a price said to have,
heen close to $2,500 an acre

—A rumor is flsating around to the
effect that the Wabash will not renew
its contract with the G. T. R. in Can-
ado, but will ran its trains between
Walkerville and St. Thomas over the
Pere Marquette. If-this- would” come
to pass, it would make the Canadian
Division of the Pere Marquette a real
railroad,

—It Ald. Sam’+Keyser has his way
about it, Windsor, Walkeryille, Sand:
wich and Ford will be merged inte a
single municipality with all tha ad-
vantages jn reduction of municipal
operating costs that such an amatga-
mation would bring. Sam has adhout
‘ns much chance of putting that scheme
across ig he has of bringing about ths
restoration of the Kaiser to” his
throne.

As a matter of international policy
to prevent the spread of anarchy, the
blockade will have to be raised to this
extent, Germany will be allowed to
import food in exchange for a consid-
erable amount of the gold available

| for this purpose, together with exports
of’ potash to an amount to be fixed,
Private German credits in Germany,
and in other parts of the world, may
also be available for these food pur-
chases. It is believed that the de-
mand from all these sources will ab-

\Sorb-all supplies now offering. Thore |

'does not appear to be ground for any?
apprehension that Canada will. not
able to dispose of thia yenr’s sur-
lus at fixed prices.’ As to what will
pen with respect to next year’s
crop’ only inférencd . cin be drawn,
|but there is much to indicate that
the prewar conditions of trading: With
the pre-war conditions o: ng.
to it be ‘8 pros!
‘no

‘s0- matte ea
much of it of
in

“PACES

cho. =

Whole 3,00

 

our Warehouse

EED2

Adjoining’ M. G. R.

The Falls - Barron Co.

i i ae oe a eR

Febetebetednietoledntelntentelebedoetedmbefette

f
t

a he

Behe Sorfeoinesonfeoteefontoofeefonfeots

Ge ee eae ae ee Sa

Seocrrerorbe ooo ececeeobececectedeteeecelelelesbeeopeee eee

FALLS BROTHERS

DEALERS IN

Insurance. and Real Estate Agents.
_ AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

wrdedecdeoorlnfetedefeolorlnfrfefooesorfnlenfefefoofofrtenfefecpoeeh.

 

‘Efficiency isn’t a Birthright
but an education’’-- é

Hven a diamond czn’t flash its fire until it has been

cut and polished. Its brilliance must be ground out of it
and so must your merit be ‘rubbed out of you,” —Herbert

‘

Kaufman.

Saving a little each week is-a grind at first, but as the

fire of the diamond flashes after it has been ground, so

will a BANK ACCOUNT brighten your aspect of life.

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA

Amherstburg Branch, C. A. CUDDY, Manager
Harrow Branch ; -  P. T. Clark, Manager

Peherinefonfonsorfoetoohoetocfoclonforloole

:

Interior Decorations !

This is the most satisfactory time fo

*

repainting the interior of your. house.

=

e have the goods for that. purpose.

CHI-NAMEL=for Floors: » a
MARTIN-SENOUR, 100 per cent. pure, flat paint.
MURESCO Water Paint—all colors.

These, go farthest, aré“chéapest and wear longest
of all paints.

W.H. Jones & Son

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

4

a Sa a

:

ofofeefen

Bosses orboefoctonfocfoofentocfoofoetectonfeefoofente

Home Furnishings,

A Complete New and Uprto-Date
* Stock of Furniture,
_ Cash or Credit.

fey
*

Ka

New quarters after February Ist
Amherst House Block
Richmond St.

ieeieelondeolncfortoefends Bet dederdorsortortorfonfocfonteotoofenfeofoafenfonloafeafeofent

ie aes

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
   
     
   
  
  
   

  
  

    

     
  
  
  
     
      
   

GOOD DIGESTION
A GREAT BLESSING

An Acute Sufferer Tells How- She
Found New Health.
appreciate what

ntil they lose
hat you want

   
   

|

HOW T0 GET RI
~ OF RHEUMATISN

“Erui-a-tlves” Point the Way

Friend of
Errand Boys

Ens
By JANE OSBORN

i

   
  
   
  
 

Very few people
good digestion means u

     

     

it. To be uble to eat W
‘ and to properly digest it Is a price- x
to Quick Relief loss blessing But if you find that] (Copyright, 1918. by ‘the
way impaired per Syndicate.)

estion is in any
ford to risk experiments

ortain remedies, Strong
1 on the stomach;

your dig
you cannobey
by trying une
medicines are hart
pre digested foods only aggravate the

trouble. What is needed {fs a tonic
that will so strengthen the stomach
ag to enable tt to do its own work,
There {a no tonfe for the stomach that
ig not at the same time a tonic for
every other part of the body, As the
blood circulates through all the body
in improvement in {ts condition quick-

Vinoxa, Ont.

“YT guffered for a number of ycars
with Rheumatism and severe Pains
eu my Side and Back, eaused by
strains and heavy lifting.

When I had given up hope of ever
being well again, a friend recom-
monded ‘Fruit-a-tives” to me and
after using *the first box I felt so
much better that I continued to

When Alison Proston decide? to ge
p job for the duration of her first lane
vaention fvom college she also mud 7
up her mind thot that job stiould no
be of the sonf that would: confine hie
within the four walls of an office, She
wanted on outdoor job and, ofte£-bhav
ing recelyed stern purental oljjection

atone

would be awny frois home fer foe vi
ention, she scanned the “writ sds” tr

take them; and now Iam enjoying |< oar

4 : : ly results in strengthening any wonk | :

érgun. Rich, red blood is subsolutely the daily papers several duys In-valn

wonderful fruit medicine”. necessary for good digestion, If your} Outdoor jobs for girls, did not seen
z fell

mentiful, Then her eyes
thot ndvertiseinent of Drown & Brown
| calling for nexsenger Kits. The wag
offered was not very tempting, bur u:
the advertisement stated, the wort
would be for the most} part doing er
rands in the busy -dovntown buyines:

if you are troubled pos

with sour risings in your throat, a feels
Ing of nausea after eating, pains or

trial size 2be,.—or sent postpaid by | futtering about the heart, try at once
true tonic treatment of Dr. Wil-

Fruit-a-tives Limited, Ottawa. ms' Pink Pitls, So many people

" | have been helped: by this treatment

W. M. LAMPSON.
“Ppuit-a-tives” are sold by all
dealers at 50c. a box, 6 for $2,50,

stomach is weak,

9 EE ES

the

4
f A the best of health, thanks to your
|
}
|

 

 

 

   

- : : niffera ym { siion
‘ . ) NT \that every sufferer from indigestion
TOWN aND COUNTY. | should promptly; try Dr. Williams! | sectlon:
= I Pills, Amotig the many who re- Brown & Brown Is 0 very large con

 

Massov-Harris agent tion through

  

   

-L. V. Pillon, 1 dige
* 1 = r , st joice in.a renewed O16 : cetn, with branches In elties-in vari
mone a business trip to Toronto, la rouge of this medicine 1s Mrs: WIE
WEDK. 1 ale and, Ont.. who says:- L

Cottress, who has been } Dale, Midland. O , von Join Undin force of employeos I Is

from a se-

 

_— Miss Viol
60 fi] with pneumonia,
again: ane

Miss Louisiana Girardot, of Sand- |
wich, was a guest at Dr. O. Teeter s,
Sunday. ss

Pte. Edward Kemp.
from London week,

“1 yuffered for a long tine.
} vere form of indigestion and had doc-
{ored so much without: benefit that I
hud all but given up hope of getting
etter. Sverything I ate caused me
j some dnys | did not
cup of cold water,
se me. As a
uch run down, and

 

like enlisting In an nrmy—you have tc
{t “to considerable — catech{sing
concerning your previous experience,
your purentage and your place of rosl
dence; and all this is written dotwn on
a farmidable large white card that Is
kept in a filing ease for future reze

5

 

 

is able to be out

   

SOM

  

|

 
  

   

     
  

ho returnegl
{s visiting his

 

   

   

sisters, In the s
T he rive r ue) i * t I dreaded night ence.
heavy Lake St continually taking “There Is just one thing Til hnvo te

 

ask you,” said the young office mnuna-
ger who employed Ajison Preston, “and
I will ask you to keep this gontiden-

frowine
ing often

iTep ait
atter.

 
  

 
  

hutchers are all smiles.
“Mark White, who
with an-accident

 

medic
| wore!
read

 

met
able

recently

Saas

ad of
made by Dr. Williams’

   

     

    
         
 
      
 
  

to be out-and will. soon return to work sath Sta : -

—<Sol. White, of the Sullivan Dredg: I aay a cide a O: cS tinJ. I don't want every one to limow
Ol. t * ' zrent CAUBRe CAUSE

Ine C hi § mding 0 ee 6 x f We t king o virls Yh

Ing Co., Lor Olio, ending to bless this decision for by the time I that we ure taking on girls for er

 

person in partic
mustn't know, What's our yice presi-
dent, Mr. M 1 Thorne. “He's In
the Chiengo offlee now wt

family in rinds—one

gduple-of wepke ns had used & couple of boxes there was
no doubt the-pills were helping me,
less time than I. had antici-

the pills hadcured me, and 1

 

 

town.
—Mrs. Bell, of Toronto, 15
her daughter, 4 (Rev.) W

1
Jfirews

visiting , a
A. Mon: | and in
ted

 

   
 
 
     
 
  

 

 

 
         
      
    
      
    
     
      
    
   
 

  

vith St Manse, Sand- : :
wich. is et. in enjoying not only 5000 | make a_long story short, ke
“s ele } snit] every o
“Walter flo ky) Hunt, engineer at jon but bétter health-in every) q messenger himself
> 7 : me ‘hr ‘fore.’
the B. M. stone quarry’ who has heen | Way than’ before. about them. He ninkes a

You can get Dr. Willigms’ Pink Pills
through any medicine de
| mail/at 50 cents a box, or
for $2.50.from The Dr. Willi
cine Co., Brockville, Ont.

IS” ers-

giving. every Inessenger that
ployed what he exl’s 4 chance.
“That menns a lot of fatherly ad-

vice, whieh would be al) right if the

is somewhat !
aler, or by

x- boxes
s’ Medi-

very low with the SOR
on the mend.

—Miss Emily
jee cream parlor, Detroit

 

 

 

y Southwick, of Smith's
has been

       

 

   

   

       

   
 
     
 
 

home for a couple of weeks, suffering Gs neat er Se Dae ;
fromia heavy cold. KINGSVILLE. boys hud ser enough fo prot. by
—Capt. W. L. Girardin has been eat oe it. He hao devup hfs mind that
narsed captain of the Harvey H.! We rogret’ to learn that onroe |} tie future jexccutives of the concern
Brown steamer Harry W- Croft; ABWID \Wipje” is still very SM mt iis home, | must be drawn, as Hé.was, from the

rinksyof those’ who began ut the bort-

with. only slight chances for recovery.
Cyrus Secord has “sold lis farm on
the i con. to a Windsor man.

for the season of 1919.

—F. .£. Dunbar, of the Great Lakes
Pne{neering Works, Detrojt, hull in-
{inspector for ocean going steamers, Mies Eva Mayhew, of Detroit, spont
spent the week-end In town, | Sunday of lastaweek at her home here.
7 Cadarefte, the implement)" Jack Miner hus commenced the
dealer, hag the*agency for®the ¢oundation for his new home on the
Overland automobile, will have some

tom rung. So whenever we get anew
messenger he takes no end of interest
in him. “He {twas who Installed: thie
card system—wants to know all about
the life history of every one that is
taken into the concern, «And now thit

  

  
    
      
    
   
    
    
    
 
 

 

    

farm. z
jnteresting announcements soon. |. A farmer enst of «town has just | he Is off in Chicago he has left word
—The Sunday school children of St.) qyjshed® seeding twenty acres of | to send “on records of, any new mes-

He wantSato give them long-
distance advice. So here js what I'm
going to ask you,” said the young,
clerk, coming back to his point after
his long explanation: “You'll Just let
me put your name down here so that
be won't know you're ni girk Allson,
you said It Is. May I put it down as
Alec?”

“Why, certainly,” faltered Allson.
“Only, won't he find out?” _

“Fe won't he back for nionths, and
you say you can't stay later than the

Andrews Presbyterian church clear- sensrers:
ed $10 até a ten-cent teain the Old the banana belt.
telephone office on Saturday afternoon. Healey & Crawford are rapidly
sol general congregational meeting | grecting a residence on the property
OF Andrews church wil l}which they recently purchased from
this (Friday) evening at 0 o'clock yyrg. Lacinda Augustine, east Division,
to jliscuss plans for the eregtion of 2' second concession. ‘
nena luge Sea A slong Miss. Dora Cooper, who pean
-H. Y. Pickering received # long» a; Baltimore, Md,, for some weeks en.
detfer ome son Bonu from sone: raged in work for the, British ae of-
where In France. ren he wrote fice, has completed her duties there
‘ae Ree back pip ar up tor the. «nd returned home here.
jourhéy back to Detron. Harold, the little: a-year-o
—Mr. and Mrs. Charles Paddington ‘Mr, and “Mrs, Burwell Ne!s
has returned home from> visiting, Wor Thursday, January 23rd.

spring wheat>ot bad for January in

  
     
   
  

  
   
 

St
9
7.3

   
 
  
    
     
  
 
  

 

      
  
      
   
     
    
 

Jd son of
; died on
he home

     
 

 
  

  
  
 
      

    
     
 

 

t <

father, Mr, Little, Colchester South.” |of Mneand Mrs. "Wim. Cassels, north middle of, September. ~ You'll escape
—Joseph J. Brault, tobacco buyer, prined Albert street, trom whichs| Nitin completely. You see, we did our
—— was Bore through Quebec a few days residence the funeral was held. on| best. to get boys, “but we couldn'teget

‘ fist week. Saturday, January 25th. Intermenty ; iW) ere , .
: 5 rr rday, Januar ra oS any. % He'd say“we hadn't tried bard
—Ptes: Fred. Boufford, of Camp. ae in Greenliill_ cemetety.._Deceased—t8) 7 ough ret “By "the ae a ‘any

ter: James Noble, of Camp Merde: | ; he E Miss ‘Florence Nelson, a # » By Vv.

a brother of Miss Plorencé 1800-4) anything in that report-about belng in

who died onlya week ago.

The Fellowship Bible Class met at
the home of James Countess Monday
& On ' night of last week, for election of of- the eat would be out, of the: bag.”

ye s: Teacher, Mrs. Grant;] So Alison reported;the next day for
Mrs. James Burns; Vice-| work ( : : * mits
tablishing ww new record for putting President, Mrs..Co!in Quick; Secre- Mesa CET orth Ee
paabhe’ water wagon. _ \tary, Mrs, Gordon, Thornton, Tre OE, GS -
“Newspaper men throughout~the urer, Mrs, Grant; \Soctal Confmitt shoulder and rested on her right hip.
she startedyout on tie rounds’ of the

country will be sorry-to hear that)Mrs. Gordon Boussey, Mrs. Leggett
H. Sears; travelling repre- and Mrs, Mills; Devotional Committee, day, carrying stocks and bonds about

Maryland, and Bert Shewfelt, of Ala:

bama, ate spending a few days at

their homes in town, “
—To stop the “dust from Agi

the Richmond street pavements, Febru: | fivers as fo

ary 1st, the town-hnd It sprinkled, es- | president,

eojlege,.. It might interest him” too
intch and then he'd write.to you and

    

 

 
 
   

   
   
 
      
  
  
  

Thomas
bs * sentative for the Toronto Type Foun-| Mra., Kennedy, Mrs. ~Longland ind! to various offices, reporting’attheybanke
dry, {s’confined to bed in Toronto, and | Mrs, Von Kennel, Flower Commitfe, | and: back to the ofllce of Brown £

  

will But be ee ‘9 remap ae for] Mrs, Longlafid and Mrs. Grant. AJ Brown, If she n(tracted any atten-
some time, with heart trouble. rogram was-given, consisting of read- a ona a
—Sunday_was ground hog day. As ee by Ys riean; Mra. Geant and vat it cee an pra SO ee
the forenoon wils beautifully bright, |Mirs. Smith, a solo by Mrs, Von Ken- yetter dressed for her work than the
the ground hog saw. his shadow for|nel, ‘and an Interesting. puzzle. con- other, girls who were beginning to tale
hours. and according to legend went) test, after wlrich refreshments were the places of messengers and errand
back for another 40 days’ sleep, dur-| served.- All enjoyed,the evening. boys in the downtown section.” She
rere wore neatly polished shoes that had

ing which time we may expect.consid- EN) arb ab
TOWN OF ESSEX. served_for country; hikes the previous

crablevheavy weather. *

—The big>scow Erin and fighter P 7 OE ayy 2S
Prescott and tug Dalton MeCarthy are] ) Mrs. J. Abbott and daughter Jéin | Winter In college. “Ter sult was plitin
at work raising the tug Marton PB. \are spending a few weeks with friends | and of khaki—such as had been chosen
Trotter, at sthe ferry: dock. “A sda}! |! Toronto. : by well-to-do college, chums’ of _ hers
section of her smokestack fs all that .A, €. Hoffman and“wife,. of Wark-{ who had “gone in” for motor messen-
4a vistble above the water, a5 she lies worth, Ont., are visiting atthe home| ger service In the vacation.

of the: latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. The coat collar was neatly topped
Jaa, S, Laird. by a man's soft pique ¢ollar and a

jn 22 Toet of water. ~
—The stenmer City of Dresden made jo Wora> k 7 ivado ain’ t
ord has Ween received in town} | 4 aa nail ae
that Mrs. E. LaBarbery who Is spend- dark blue four-in-hand tie and a band

 

 

‘a trip to Detroit for a load of timber, |
Friday, to be used in the rebuilding of

 
   
 
  
   
  

to taking a land army Job where sh liar ne would devote himself so earnest

ous parts of the country, and wher Liek a long and fuent letter Jn he

There were many more questions tn
the same veh, and Alison finswered
them promptly, ossuring the kindly
vice president that she smoked not at
nll and obsinined from games of
chance, She ate egy solad and milk
for luncheon, went ty bed early and
spent her evenings “at home.” She
didn’t add that these evenings were
gometimes spent with her tired little
body resting 6n the soft upholstery of
the Jong chair In her own little bed-
room reading some one of her favorite
Sponlsh or Italian authors that she
had Jearned to admire in college.

The next letter expressed approval
of the young boy's steady habits, but
he reproved the boy for not going to
night school, and ended by telling him
thnt he would give a prize of $50—
that he always offered messengers in
the coneern, but had never been won—

ly to the study of Spanish that within
six months he could command A slight
reading knowledge of that lingunge.
Ho himself, he said, had been hindi-
capped because 1s a boy he had not
mastercd a’foreign language. It was
only recently, when his Ume for such
study was Iiiited, that-he had takep
up Spanish. It was the greut language
for business men of the future, ety,
ete.

Aligon really
more cautious, but
after reeelving this !

 

 

ought to have begn
the very evenlug
e(ter she wrote

t

 

best Spanish, exp!alning to Mr. Thor
that, though.sne did not go |
school, she had mastered Spanfsh (
previous winter and spent inuch time
rending it. She declined the prize,
however, as she had studied it with-
out Knowledge that such ‘a prize cx-
isted.

Then came the
consternition. Mr.
fering Alec a posli
office as second correspondent in 1
Spanish department. They were
ting lots of orders from South Amer
len, he explained, and he réally noed-
ed him. His wage would be more than
doubled, and -his trv expenses to
Chicago would be frid.

Alison was at first confused end re-
pentunt. “She felt rhiat she ojeht net
to have consented to the office muana-
ger’s deception, . But then slip took a
different attitude t d the matter.
Finadelal conditi« the Preston
family hod not been all that they
Ight have been for the past year und

mig

 

iw

etter that caused
Thorne wrote ¢
m in the Chicas

 

 

d
r
ai
d
nN
b

    
 

ie
ig

h

i

&

 

in

 

r

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

it had become appirent tu another OO Ed tI Co , Mr: Rochel Wal 1M |
a eallazer wouldve ; E = Mducation Committee—Mr: Rocheleau, Chalrmpn, and Messrs. Barnet, 4
ae a Meet it S DWICH WEST. Pastorius, Breen, Lambjer, James, Smith and Stuart, ) ‘

s t ie « ezislati { ai 3 2G—: 4, ;
hod about decided 10 spend the fol- - , = Leg ivvonand- BeUticns Cut Mr, Johnston, Chairman, and «4

f I : Mr, and Mrs, Joseph P. Renaud, | Mes: Voollatt, Corbett, Hivon. Atkin, Lappan, Brown and_ Stuart
lowihg autumn and winter working. | life-long residents of Essex county, Printing Committee—Mr. Wyatt, Chat. man, and Messrs. Ouellette, Hart,
And here was a, chance to eur celebrated the 50th; annive ty of| Pastorius, Rocheleau and Halford. ‘
week, She wrote back to Mr. 7 a wgading He Monday at their} — Gaol Committee—Mr, Renaud, Chiafrman, and Messrs, Polson, McKee,
necepting the position, confessing At residence, Jnk- avenue, Windsor. Chauvin, Woollatt and the W arden.
the same timgsher * did not wait tos be ae was Mi _Josepltine Pel- Highway Committee—Mr. Woollatt, Chairman, and Messrs. Renaud; Ounel-
for. an ‘answof but, packing her’ little I Da re her marriage and wal} lette, Mc Kee, Corbett, Cl yin, Brown and the Warden,
- born in Sandwich West 72 yenrs ago; All of which is respectfully submitted

traveling box and gaining a rather -Té- | her husband;;algo of Sandwich West, oes oe (
luetant cohsent *from her purents, [js 74 years of age. Their seven clil- (Signed) JUDSON SCRATCH,
started forth to take her new job, |dren.are; Samuel, Benjamin: and Chairman,

 

She could Ive on $10 a weeks'she fee [¢

ured, especinily if she continucd 10
dress [pb uniform, and the other $15
she could save to piy hernext year's
expenses in college.

The office manager in the New, York
‘office when he heard of the step she
hnd taken, predicted a stormy recop-
tlon for Alison. He felt that he knew
jus®how Thorne w« uld snub her. But
thestorm and the snub were not forth-
coming. Thorne told her that at first
he had not known, thé he chanced to
sée the New York puper that had the
@fice manager's advertisement for, gitt
méssengers, and, beside, he suspects a
fromthe egg-saiad-Iuncheon and the
hand writing that she was a girl. But
It niide no difference, he fissured her,
He was o thorough-going feminist, if
that’ meant entire spproyal of giving
girls an equal chance With boys when
they proved themselves capuble of
grasping It. Andthis girl had proved
herself more promising than any of
the messenger boys. that had ever
drifted Into the employ of ‘the cop-
cern. 7

Shen one day Thorne called: Alison .
into his Office ntid as she came toward
him io her trim lttle khaki suit he
beld out both his bands and took hers
into his. ;

Alison did not draw back, but stood
looking down at their joined hands
with a puzzled smile on her face.

“Y -want you here, Alec,” he had als
ways retained the first name by which
he fad thought of her—*I want you In
the office, but more than all I want you
fn my heart. J want you to mnoke a
home for, me, Is it so necessary to
finish out that college course of
yours?” ‘ 3 €

“There is always one ind only on
apossible event that will make a ‘col-
lege girl give “up*her course,” ‘said

i)

i

a

 

i

cs

 

 

ie

     
  
    
   
 
 
   
    
    
    
    
   
 
   
   
     
    
    
     
    
    
     
   
    
       
     
      
    
      
    
  

 
   
  

tion of the furniture,’
was nearly totally

futfit to J. E. Pastorius, who will run}
it dn connection with the plant he al-| bers of the Counell.

ot Grand Marais;

Minnie; at home, “

suid a man -had Swallowed a tWo-foot
rule and was dyitig by inches,
doctor said that was nothing, as he had

mometer and died by degrees,
plevof patients chipped Jn, one saying

who swallowed a reyolver and. went

friend Manitoba who drank «a quart of
applejack and: died .in-high- spirits:

 

To do your duty durin
eine health should be your

consideration. These two women
tell how they found health.

Follam, Pa.—“I took Lydia B. Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound for female troubles and a dis-
placement. I felt all rundown and was very weak.
T bad beon treated by a physician without, results,
go decided to give Lydia E. ‘Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound
a trial, and folt better right away. I am keeping house
since last fork and doing all my housework, where before
Lwas unable to do any work. Lydia FE. Pinkham’s Vege-
table Compound is certainly the best medicine a woman can
talo when in thiscondition. Igive you permission to publish
this letter.” —Mrs. E. R. ORUMLING, Rt. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.

Lowell, Mich.—‘‘I suffered from cramps and dragging
down pains, was irregular and had female weakness and
displacoment. I began to take Lydia 2. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound which gave mo reliof at once and restored
my health. I should like to recommend Lydia E. Pinkham’s
remedies to all stiffering women who are troubled ina simi.
lar way.”—Mrs. Exise Her, R.No. 6, Box 83, Lowell, Mich,

LYDIA E. PINKHAMS |)
POUND

VEGETABLE COMPOUND

LYDIA E.PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.

 
 

  

 
 

 
 

    
    
 
 
 
 

  
  

KINGSVILLE.

 

      
     
     
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
 
  
  
  
    
 
    
  
 
 
  

3 ‘Essex County Council.

REPORT OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO STRIKE STANDING
~ COMMITTEES.

 

Wednesday afternoon the brick resi-
ence of Herbert Stephens, Section
‘oad, was found to be on fire. The dis-
overy was miade by one of the chil-
ren returning from school The}
eighbors quickly responded with a|
ucket brigade and saved a good por-|
The batiding| To the Warden and Members of the
destroyey Tlie} bled:—

ouse and contents were parfly cover-| Gentlemen,—We, your special committe appointed to strike the standing
d by insurance. ‘committees for the year, beg leave to report a8 follows :
Preeman Wright, of this place, has} Winanee Committee—Mr, Armstrong, Chairman, and all the members of
old his gill net fishing business and | ‘he Councils , ‘
Road ‘and

 

Bagsex County Council, in Council, assem:

 

up dad

Bridge’ Committee—Mr. Tellier, Chairman, and all the mem.

 

eady ow
ady owns, rman, and all the members of

Equalization Committee—Mr, Smith, C
the Couneil. A

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘lyde, of Windsor; Mrs.-Wm. Pratt, Sandwiclf, Ont., January 28th, 9919. .

Mrs, Carrie Pillon,
(Sandwich, and tlre’ Misses Laura and

 

THE WARDEN’S REPORT. oe ae

Tn tie members. of, Essex County Couneit:—
| : Gentemene aD presenting to you my*final-report for the past year I will
| be emia ae that J ou of the opinion the. Cousicil would
Ag you know the award between tho Connty, and the Cl*y of Windsor re.
Administration of Justice Accounts was for five -years, be ning with the
r 1814,"consequently the county can asl for another fward or igréement
year, J would wzecommend that this Council thke.the necessars “st Bt
have another agreenrent gyith the tits Pe re
The Auditors tiave}presented their report of the fiqantes of the County, ~
ond you will see that the County Js in a good position financially. ‘on ie
count of the Patriotic grants and—the @ounty--Rouds we Coupte handl
nearly twige the amount of money thut it formerly did: 3" Te
All_the members of the County Councilsns well: as. the world at la
must feel Veryyt! ankfel that the great war thiteliag r ged for over toon oan
ees al any end. alt ) the men who are returning from’ the Tone inn
ye taken exirevot until) such time as they are ible to. care for themsel ;
In‘coneMsion f wis to thank the members of.the County Counell for then

A’man ran Into ) physician's office
n St. Joseph, Mo,,the other day, and
The

4 patient once who swallowed a ther-
A cou-

 

  

t reminded him of a fellow in Texas

 

     
  

of easy; and the other said he had |

AVOID COUGHS
aia COUGHERS!

 

 
  
 
 

 

 

     
      
         
     
 
  
  

   
 

 

Coughing assistance in the discharre.of
oBIS UO 2 seharrze.of my 1 e

Spreads ‘ Officials for tlicir help to ne eet ae i a veges thank the County=
will spend ng an enjoyable a yoar ag I have, nd I hope that my, successor

eae
yale have the honor to he, sirs, ‘

0 OH ' Your obedient servant, ; yo .

30 DRORS-STOPS COUGHS (Signed) “ALEX. McKBE,

HALF THIS FOR CHILDREN | Sandwich,Ont., January 20th, 1919, vee

               
     
   

 

paeeereseey seo obeteobletolebted
+ That New Diningroom Suite, Bedroom or Living-
_Toom Suite can be bought here now at =

  

ofeefnte

Sj

 

the Dresden’s hull. ‘The tug Dalton |
Mr Carthy piso mada trip_to Detroit
Scturdays.for a derrick scow for
Cn. Trotter.” There was no fee at all
ip the river,.and summer schedule was |
mde, %
/ —Chairman Thomson, of the Canada
Food Board, {s calling for the greatest
possible production of maple sugar and
maple syrup this coming spring. Far: !
mers with maple groves might well,
Prepare to tap an unusuel number Of,
trees, In the opinion of thoserin the |
export business there will be a profit-
1 able market for maple syrup and
Indications also point

   
 

 
     

fature in the ground to insure a

good run of sap. 2
42 The recent. amendment to the In-
spection and Sale Act provide that on
an@ after June lat, 1919, ‘it shall be
unlawful to use for the sale of fruit
«any wood veneer baskets except those
~~ gpecified therein, Owing to the par-

*

   
 
   
          
     
    
   
   
 
   
 
   
   
  

  
 
 
 

fn Ontario last year, there is a com-
+ paratively large quantity of the 6 and
TY quart baskets Of the old specifica-
tions and of material for manufac-
"turing taése, in the hands of growers,
“shippers and basket manufacturers,
and to avoid loss.these may be used
this yonr. 5 | deat ¢
—The Wynndotte Savings Bank was

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
  

|

* {ial failure of the tender fruit crop,

ing the winter In St. Petersburg, Fila. ed sailor of brown cotppleted the
js illewlth a heavy cold, which threat- equipment, -
ens to develop into. pneumonia, “A Yes; of course, she grew tired with
trainedenurse {s in charge of the case, | her many errands, but the fatigue wus

Mra. N. Davies, who-has been viS*| repaired by her healthy appetite and
{ting at the home of hap parents, Mr. | py the soundness of the sleep that al-
and Mrs, W. Hj Rithardson, for the| ways followed her days in the open.
past three months, returned to, her

The first letter to Alec Preston was

home pr Renfrew on Friday.
The Public School Bonrd’ met, on practically like the letter almost nl-
ways recelved by errand boys from the

Saturday evening Inst, and: organized
for the year with W. G. Wyman a3} vice president, Morgan Thorne, when
chairman. Jas; Johnston was re-ap-| thot young officer of the concern was
pelntel ve rapiosenigiiys on the Higli| not present to Interview them person-
choo) Board, ,
ally. Mr. “’borne assured Alec of
Dr. PB zie, § Sa ” v
r-Robért D. McKenzie, sonWf Mrs his Interest and his hope that be was

*» maple sugar. J
to a favorable season as the winter} McKenzie, Strathroy, hus been awdrd- : :
been mild and aa {s plenty of Jed the Military, Cross for conspicuous regarding his new position a stepping
ifteenth | 8tone- to bigher things in the employ

bravery on the fleld with the F
Battalion’ (Highlanders) to which he|of the concern of Brown & Brown.

was attached as medical officer. Dr.| He asked him some questions that he

MacKenzie was born in Essex, the| wanted him to answer frankly {pn a

giahay age oe sats Oh Gepres “e letter that Mr, Thorne assured htm

, tice ere twenty: | xy,

three years ago, being in pareutraiy roula ne confab unl.

with Dr, Jenner, now of Kingsville. Did he smoke cignrettes? If #0,

The Dr. died in 1896, after which the | did he smoke In business hours?

family moved to Strathroy. There fs{ “Did he indulge in gnmes of chance

afiéther son, John, who is-also,on the | with other errand boys?

medical staff oversens, ~~ “What did he ent for luncheon? DIG
Mra. Andrew Camptell, of Essex. | fe go to night school? How did’ he

was notified Saturday that her moth- : “

er had cascada ray Unde morning peta bis prenings? Sut hye ee
Toronto,.at-the grand old. age of 101 imo tovbed?

years. This veteran lady was born Lh) —————————S—:C
1817, two years after the battle) of
Waterloo, and hod lived during. the

 
 
 

    
  

 
  
  

   
   
 
  
  
 
  
 

    
   
   

  
  
  

Mrs. Elizabeth S. Lundy, of Niagara

  
  

Allison.

“And thnt?”

“When the man {nall the world she
loves asks her to be hjs wife.”

“Poesx thut mean you Have decided
to finish?” asked Thorne relaxing his’
hold on Allson’s hands. But he tight-
ened {t again when she told him that

it didn’t.

+

1
fe
+
a
le
Es
bid
ste
£
+
t
+
+

 

Fumigation on Mexican Border.

The latest disinfection project which
has ever been undertaken in this coun-
try, and pfobably the largest in the
world, was receatly begun by the Unit-
«@ States department of .agriculture
along the Mexican bordér. Five fumf*
gation houses are to be erected at a}
cost approxiuitely of for the
disinfection of frel i motor
trucks aad; wagons entering the Unit-
ed States fiom Mexico londed with
products that might Introduce’ Insect
enemies, especially the pink bollworm
of cotton. The lgest house will ac
commodate fifteen freight cars. Hach |,
house will be eqdpped with apparatus
and plant-for th? generation and dis-
tribution of hydneyanicacid gaa |

  

urchase of stone |

The jimmeding © f
pits for the im-

gravel.

  

|

O Per Cent OFF |

JAnd make your choice from our big complete lines in

(

all the various Periods,
Honest, well made furniture in beautiful designs and at
markably low prices; also at 20 per cent. off ve offer our entire stock of

 
 
       

Woods and -finishes.

Upholstered Furniture

 

DRESSERS 3S
, RS LIBRARY TABLES
.CHESTE [N i:
4 ge EDS DINING TABLES “Floor and Table Lamps
KERS ~ - CHINA CABINETS — BED DAVENPO
Roe : By EN RTS
‘ if CESS WRITING DESKS COSTUMERS i
SE \ ; : ; :
ae TABLES BOOKCASES, WICKER ROCK a
SEWI . 2
Sens CHAIRS FOOTSTOOLS “ _KTPCHEN cane
| a i : r bs, P sa
BEDS GATELEG@ TABLES STOVES =
Sug ae Rugs of Every Size, Color and Quality 20 per ctnt OW. Be
a = mS ae S 2 ‘ :

; Victory Botids taken ‘the samé as cash

. Flease remember that a)i these redu

means that everything is a real areal ctions are from our ori ginal; prices,

   
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
 

  
  
   
 
  
     
 

  

 
 
  
 

 
    
  
   
  
   
     
   

the hest bidder for Wyandotte's a Fatls, celebrated her 91st birthday at
: 6.000 PB issue of sewer extension nor or + oe pik eo her home at Lundy’s Lane, where, sg Seat the county's highway;
hen proposals wore opened’ : TRO BV jam IV,} has knitted 400 pairs of socks for Can-| was recowmended in the inaugural

‘Wardon Howos, of Gueiph.

Vjctorin, Edward VII, and George V.
, of Ottawa,

She {a survived by Mrs,_A..Camrbell,
Bssex; Mrs. Wellington Keetch, ot
‘Burk’s Falls; Mrs. Mra, L. McPirle, of
Toronto, x :

60; B.| Two young boys. Of Nairn, netr Lon-
_ The | don, have already made maple syrup.

bear 56% | Representatives of the Salvation
lis far! Army and Repatriation Comm 1

Michigan |

of} address of
‘Rev. Dr. W. T.

former district} former mtlerator

waa given | church {n Canad

and } Andrews Fes}

August, 783, Is
alth, ”

Y i -
Per

adian soldiers since the outbreak
War, s2
Major W. S. Sharp.
casualty officer at Kingston,
|: preliminary hearing Thursday,
thevease will be proceeded with fur-
thor on the receipt of instructions:
Ae getato ft thi igian
0. e 6 decision o io Bo govorn
ae ment to maintain Ypres in its present
[condition ai janent Memorial, {i

the British pre

and wos awarded the bonds.

   
 

 

 
 

Ottawa discussed a proposal
blish ee le in. demobi

 

  
        
 

  
  
 

 

 

,————. W. BOUGy mms,

 

Council met ot 10 a.m.
7 Roll called. All members present, The Warden, ¥
rw Minutes of Wednesday were read,
WINDSOR’S GREATEST CLOTHIER Moved. by Mi. 4
adopted as read,
at i

Communications,

If you were as well-informed about the outlook for eee aie tn es
Woolens next season as we are, you'd rush

Mr. Renaud, that he will, on Friday,
Pointment of a-committeo for Hig

money for current expenses,
Mr. Wyatt, that he will,

on Friday, introduce a by-law
No. 346, appointing

a caretaker for the Registry Office,
Men. we're telling you for a positive fact that

Here in genuine sale, we're offering Clothing

 

Childre Ald Sociaty.
oa Refe d to the Finance Committee,

throughout the store-is 14-OFF, ‘ Harty Neal, Dr. Knowles, Strrt. A. C, Warden, Pte.
livan, and others addres aut the County Couneillors a

    

now than be sorry later on, don’t yor think so?

  

 

 
    

  

 

Counelladjourned to allow commit

 

 

AFTERNOON SESSION.
reassembled at 1.20 pur
d. AN membets pre;

     

 

ne

  

Mr. Hart,that he wil}
“grade over the Canard
The Suburban Comm

 

» on Friday, aste fo
t New Canaan.

  

 

 
 
 

 
    

 

  

 

    

ion presentéd their report,
Referred to the Highway Committee,
Council adjourned to allow vommittees to meot and roassemble at 3 p.m.
Council reo mbled at 3 pam.
=! On motion, G. W. Coatsworth addressed the members, inviting the Inem-
8 of. the. couneil to the annual meeting-of the Essex County Municipal
ciation to be held at Sandwich on Thursday, February 6th, 1919.
IT SEPMS AS IF MEN. SCENTED THE COMING OF HIGHER t PRICES BY THE WAY THEY’RE Council adjourned to meet to-morrow at 10 a.m.
\ : 61 ine thas ; see i ; i i ae FOURTH DAY. s
coming here for Clothing these days, The weather doesn’t make a bit of difference; Sandwich, January 31st” 19Y9,
. , A. rf i di . Council met at 10 am.
they come anyway, and these men will be mighty glad they did so, when not Roll called.~ All members present, the Warden in’ the chair, i
as good materials and higher prices greet thém when they buy a Actoilnts:
- i J. H. Rodd. account for services: In connéction with sult with the City
pee few months from no. of Windsor re Siburban Area, $154.46. :
Tl 5 j From *Wardsville High School, maintenance of Essex County pupil, $8.60.
MB e = 5 es Fromithe County of Ontario, asking Essex County. to concur in petition
: to the Dominion Government in aiding roads.
: of p en | ime 0 nves in vercoa S. Referred to their respective committees,
OMs Reports.
; of < : ee = : < A The Auditors presented thein report,
4 You might say, “I don't need a coat; we're not .Here are coats of the most reliable fabrics, Coats The Leamington, Mersea & Gosfield South Agricultural Society present:
net rey i : re n?? 3 1 : - ed their report. = : ri
going to ey any ae ee But don't 3 that are styled to perfection, and no matter the The Comber Agricultural Society presénted_ their report.
a F too sure, an even we are to escape co to 7 Order printed.; 5
and «4 5 ‘ Re : » Price you pay for a Coat here, remember you are Order of the Day.
at Weather this winter, remember you won't be- ue
: able to-get such Coats as these a few months Saving money. «Come in and see the vast selec- A ey piowing by-laws were read a frst time:— ae
Ca Ou F 3 : A by-law appointing Trustees for the Amherstburg, Essex and Leaming-
, hence. A ia E98 tions; we fei] certain we can suit you. : ton High Schools:
nals A by-law to appoint Auditors for the year.
Ss — 7 ‘ , = , é y-law a y ac tiee he 8 t Refug
A 15.00 OVERCOAT— ll 2 A $25.00 OVERCOAT— : an by-lay appointing a comm tee for the Hotse of Refuge and Industrial
Ag Ofi—Costs You..:...... e 14 Off—Costs Your:-..; - 18:75 A by-law to appoint a member of the Board of Audit. ‘
a ines - ° A*by-law to appoint a Member of the Senate of the Western University
ct A $16.00 OVERCOAT— A $80.00 OVERCOAT— ‘nd College at London.
14 Oit—Costs You : : 14 Off —Costs You 2?. 0 A. by-law to’ confirm the appointment of a Committee for Highway Im-
d POSTS LOM es cme —C pitts. es provement.
A $18.00 OVERCOAT— $13 50 A $35.00 OVERCOAT— $26 25 * da id ie separate) Hey expenses.
= a A by-law to amend By-law No. 364. , :
4 ONf—Costs You.......... 4 e : 14 Of—Costs POW: «22. | eae e Moved by Mr. Chauvin, seconded by Mr. Rocheleau, that a grant be given
ae : S a 7h " e batwee i S a Jes elle.
ee A $20.00 OVERCOAT $15.00 A $40.00 OVERCOAT $30.00 ysis teetie Font tog, ’santsobmdestgn and Sandi West rom Latte
1 ~ 4 Ofi—Costs You...... .. 2 44 Off—Costs You........ | e Committee.—Carried, A ii
wi . " ‘ 5 Moved by Mr. Hart, seconded by Mr. Brown, that 2 suMciant grant be
ould : A. $22.00 OVERCOAT— ] 0) A $45.00 OVERCOAT— Made to repair tho grade over the Canard, River at New Canaan, and the
34 Offi—Costs You...... Mi e © 14 Of—Costs Yom 2s " le Same be wreferred to the Road ‘and Bridge @ommittee Carried. ;
ae 24.00 OVERCOAT: A a OBS ct OE Ae ie : : ei Council! adjourned to reassemble at 1 p.m. ‘ = zi
the Ne A $24.0 a - 50.00. 0VERCOAT— i é =<
nent i ~ , "4 $18 00 $ sl VERCO Z 33. APTERNOON SPSSION,
sto Fat ; 14 Off—Costs You........ e¥ a . - 44 Off—Costs You...... .. le
nty, a . a *

ae

 

Coinell reasserthled at 3.30 p.m, =

Ro}! called. All members present. 4 ‘
Reports. ee 74

The Printing Committee presented their report :

Moved by Mr. Wyatt; seconded by Mr, Pastorius, that the

dies

| . Underwear Sweaters for Men

This ‘is all we can say. All sizes, all weights,
all styles, and’ a wonderful opportunity to save
money. Come and see.

  

Council" adjourned to allow ‘committees

Council reassemble dat 3.30 p.m.

The Treasurer presented st
cIpalities, also statement’ of Receiptd and Expenditures.

Tho Education Committee presented their report.

Reliable garments, and the men who buy
them now will be able to laugh at the fellow who
pays about double in a few weeks.

     
 
  
 

       
  
   
  
  

     
 
    
 

means ha sec 1. -+-. 6.88

 

Roll called. All members present.
The minutes of Friday Were read,

On motion, the minutes were adopted: as- read.

Communications.
Fromithe Windsor, Walkerville an@® Sandw
sociation, asking for a grant—La{d ov
Bzra Ner, caretaker of thesRe
caretaker of the Registry Office. ;
The Gaol Committee. presentéd their report.
Moved«by Mr. Renaud, seconded by Mr. Poisson, that the’ report of the
Gaol Committee be Adopted.—Carried,

Mr. Noble, District Representative, addressed the members, asking for
| grant to the Ontario Ploughmen’s Association.—Referred to the Fingnce
Committee, . &

Order of the Day. .

The Warden in the chatr.

    

14 OFF

' All $2.00 Pants 1 off costs you.. ..$ 1.30
All 2.50 Pants ¥, off costs you..... 188
All 3.00 Pants 14 off costs you..... 38h
‘All 3.50: Pants Y% off costs you...... 3,68
All 4.00 Pants 14 off costs you... 3.00
All 4.50 Pants 14 off costs you.....% 8.88
All 5.00 Pants-1, off costs you..... 875
All 6.50 Pants 1, off:costs YOou.... ig 4.88

ich Poultry and Pet Stock As-
er till the June session.

Bistry Office, tendéred his resignation as

  
   
   
 

Suits for Boys ATS!
AA LESS Soll Styles

a Two-piece, Norfolk styles—smartly made ‘eB
and in a wide enough range-to please eyery a
mother’s son. i

   
 
  
 

   
  
  
 
   

  
  

  
  

The following by-laws
A by-law to repeal By-

   
   
  
 

   
  
  
   

Were read a first, time.
Inw No. 413 and to appoint Arbitrators for the fors

«&

  
   
  
  
  
  

 

    

   

The Legislation
Moved by Mr. Johnston, seconded by Mr. Stuart
] Legislation and Petitions Committee

The Road and Bridge Committee presented their report.
Moved hy ‘Mr. Tellier, seconded by Mr. Wyatt, that the report of the Road
and Bridge Committee be adopted.—Garried, -.
* The HighWays Committee presented their report. :
Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the
Highways Committee be adopted:—Carried. :

Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Rehiiud, th.

 

“ i ri ry
A 8.50 Suit 14 off costs you...... 6.88 any solft style you se
A 10.00 Shit 1, off costs you. . 7.50
A

  
  

lect, ‘yon save at the’
rate of 14 OFF.

12,00 Suit 14 off costs you
13.50 Suit 4 0:

  
  
   

“WINDSOR’S GREATEST CLOnHER.

 
  

   
    

at the Warden and

h ‘ 2? Works and

co of Ontario the petition of the Corporation of thy
Count} Essex. showing that during tho period, January ist, 1918, to Decom-
ber 3st. 1918, there had been

   

© <dtatutory grants {n. thut amount”
Ald in the Mmprovement of Public Highv

    
 

48 provided by the Act to
Carried. Y

   
 

    
 
 
 
 

loved. ‘by: Mr: Woollatt, seconded by Mr. B

a Somniltteg to attend the Good Roads Convention at Toronto,

 

.

*
4
b te ons
i
i

MURRAY. STREET,

eal
vy

Notice of Motion. a.
riu@ultient grant to repair the

report of the
Printing Commitee be adopted —Garried. 2p

to meet and renssemble at 3 p.m,

atement of accounts with the different Muni-

Moved by Mr. Rocheleau, seconded. by Mr. Rastorius, that the report of
the Education Committee be adopted:—Carried, : s °

A $1.00 Suit 14 off costs you......./..5.. $ rae $3.00: Sweaters for. ..5 fo... sk... 98.95 Notices of Motion.
A 1550 Suit. 14 off costs you............ 1.1 igh : a S sa : . oe

at Ar 4 = 9 Mr. Rocheleau. that he will, on Saturday, Introduce a by-Inw to repent
A 2:00 Suit 14° off cost SOU ss os one cay a rey $3.50 Sweaters for. Spawsel tir oy Cee eos ~ 2.68 By-law No. 413, and do appoint-urbltrs nee the formution of a hew Uniott
A 2.50 Suit 14 off costs you.......-...,. 1s Ss é : school at Arner. : ee ane
A 3 00 Suit iy off costs 1 betes + 2.25 AAS eaters for... ee... Re oe 3.00 . Mr. Smith, that h@ will, ‘on Saturday, introduce a by-law to amend By-
5 = ‘f ur re <hr ‘ Qe~ v ¢ , j -aw”No. 374, adopting’a system of. County Rods,
A 3.50 Suit Y% off costs JOU S pa ater, ie a $5.00 Sweaters POL Ate claatg onthe oes se 2 B75 ; They couldn’t -be better. ‘ Good in fit, Council adjourned to allow committees to mect and reassemble to-morrow
- poe ery ae pe Lr Se ic Saat 3.38 $6.00 Sweaters for... are ee eee roe i!) long-in service, styles for dress and work S$t10 a.m. FIFTH DAY
f 5 MUL Ya OIL COBIS YOU .a,45->.. > ‘ Sane 7 5 , I i 3
*" 5.00 Suit 4 off costs you............ hee $7.50 Sweaters for............ »s++e+-. 5.68, 9] wear and many pairs to choose from. eee Sandwich. February 1st, 1919.
A. 6.50 Suit 14%off costs you........%, i; : : ‘ouncil met a aim.
A vee ea t, off costs as CS Fat 6 we = 5.69 $8.50 Sweaters for... ._

mation of a new. Union ae Section at-Arner; and
ss A By-law to ainend By-law No. 374, adopting a County Ronds System fo
; ; i . Come in and get in * “i * (the County of. Essex, a ot 3
A 6.00 Suit % off costs you...... 4.50 WER A neve one—lots < + aa ee Gl adjourned to allow spminittoes to meet, and reassemble at f
A 6.50 Suit 1% off costs you...... 4.88 es aoe a > Cotnci feissembled at 11 a.m.
A 7.50 Suit 14 off costs you.........5.68 to choose from and on 5 a
8.00 Suit 4 off costs you...... 6.00. e@ XN

‘expended upon the County Hithw System:
the sum of $22,563.96, and requesting ‘A sul eek

 

  
    
     
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
 

Sandwich, January ord, 1919, 7

fr. Scratch. in the echajr.

Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Smith, that the minutes be

introduce a by-law to confirm the ap

y hway Improvement. - ‘
F Mr. Armatrong,-that-he-will, on Friday, iniroduce a by-law to borrow
to buy your Clothes Now. !

to amend By-law

Reports,
‘ : i The Warden presented his report.
Clothing produced: of reliable woollens in an- that is up-to-date In every raspect, the materials The Road Superintendent presented his report of the expenditure on the
2, = ‘ County, Roads, also report of the expenditure within the Suburban “Area ot
other season will cost “some money.’”’. If you are wonderfully fine, better than we ll be able to the City of Windsor
. = : On motion, Mesurs.-MeNee and Hackney addressed the members in be-
wait to buy, youi’ll be Sorry—might better Invest sell you after these are gone, and now. tHe rule half of the

Snider and Pte. gul-
aking for a grant to the

4 Salvation Army,
> Referred to the -Fanance Committe.
mh : Victor Prieur and others addr ed the members, asking the County for
. & grant to the Townline Road bet 1en- Anderdan—and Colchester North,
Referred to the Road and Bridge Committee,
\

tees to mest and reaggemble at 3 p.m.

ighways—

rown, that Mousrs. Corbett i a)

  
 
    
    
     
      
  
     
       
     
     
    
    
       
        
    
     
     
       
       
    
       
    
     
      
       
 
 
    
       
 
        
      
    
     
 
    
     
 
        
       
       
       
     
      
        
          
      
        
       
        
       
     
     
      
 
 
  
  
     
        
         
          
    
    
    
     
    
        
      
  
   
     
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
      
   
     
       
 
 
 
  
     
   
   
      
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
    
 
      
      
    
         
   
 
  
    
 
 
    
    
    
     
   
    
    
 
 

 

 

 

 
    

 

 

    
 
    

 

  

 

 

 

 

   

    
   

 

 

   
 
  

 

 

 

 

     
 
   
    
  
 
    
  
   
  
    
  
    
   
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
    
    
  
    
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

  

  
 

 

 

   

 

 

   
 
  

 

  

 
  
 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 
 

  
 

    
 
    
   

 

   
   

  

  
   

 

  
 
  
 

 

 
 

  

  

  
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
  
  

 
  
  

  
 

    

 

  

 

    

 

 
  
 

 

 

  

 

 

  
 

 

 

2 al
_ © PAGs FOUR
(Renee erteeeterteneteneenetets| THE ECHO
RY <2. Published by .
stom Tailored GlOtMeS $s coo sanrineco, unis
JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
: J ° President. Sec.-Treas.
*
A For Men! +} FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7th, 1919-
3 * Essex County Council will have a
‘ = specin) Good Roads session on Tues-
‘ Our Tailoring Department Is Able to _ £|aay, Mareh_1ith.
: ce Make Two Important Announcements &—.% + Sir William Hearst, Premier of On:
elhario. anounced Friday tat tesisla
L § FIRST—That the lines of Bnzgligh, Sc otch and Irish Weaves are *f liibn will be passed at \a> Spaning sex-
t absolutely complete, notwithstanding the general’ scarcity of fine + gion of the Lesislature, siving manick|
woollens—the soxt that conveys a lasting {mpression | palitios power to exoray fon varant |
f - ms : “Sl land for building work *« homes
Oth - SECOND—There has been no general advance over last SGA of
3 in our prices. A few lines show modora dvances—but generally of. Major-(Rev.)-Ji-G. Tolmio, fuator }
: - speaking, prices remain the sumo As! last scason +] emeritus of St. Andrews Presbyterian
i — —- | church, who went overseas with the
| ¥ % Dn Rade OR ae t 49th Battalion from Windsor three
j i 0 0 S yoars ago us paymaster, and r alned
: #3 “Matte in ur wh hop’ ay continuously at the front ince that
i + A, time, arrived tame Taesaay
ee ole 2 ® 5
fy 3 +-| Commercial failures in the .Domin-
+! jon of Canada. acording to figures pre-
ustom
{ a o}- paren by R. G. Dun -& Co. show that
. ; }- ins iivencies during T4186 was
ee = Two 60 Three ryt aber of any yoar sincé
aye f Piece Piece +}: | 1882 { abilities was
fe | only $14 502 000, compared with $18.
oe — of 1 241,000 in 1917 and up 19 $25,045,000
a 2 yin 1914
+ +
¥ and Keat Ce
+ Top Coats : efaluuont cs
. }
+ Fee 1! z not to put
+l At $30 to $40 ay
‘e aaa Cy It was argt
% g * was mer a war-time meas ure
paar est {it did’ 2 work tp 149 adyantags of
t+ At No Time Have our Stoeks of Foreign Woollens Shown + WASIC oa a UTA
Cy tion is not necessary or advantugeods.
ote More mtinchy the Advantages of Making Selections Here +] The Government has not yet wnnounc-
ad ‘ . i y saris. felod its decision in this m
*. j 1 lored to your own Measure aré. more sau ote EN
aa : service they render, but in ; the confidence they oe Dr. H. J. Cody, Minister of
@ create in : : 7 oe n, advised the studen wf the
ue ast of the Limes, | ee ote Edu m in Toronty {9
tery garment they prouu - ah * of fread widely,1o rich thejr vocabul
pol ar ‘ Ee ae = |{es. He urged the students ‘o ¢
+ yal clothe 1o Porsenna a well modulated voice, a
+ 3 y-to- Wears % take part in a drama for the corres:
- * * | tion their enunciation and pro?
= Tailoring Department—Main Floor = nofinclation. “Pay attentfon to articu-
lat modul yn. and“expression.”
of | a a ie LET z is :
ast
pa 3)
ae} Statistics on the cost of bread pro
7 Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow#)..2 250°"
=e |} sucd byetne cost of lizine branch of
a LIMITED. x an Deparitnent of Labor
. : Stee v bread perp ound
£ 9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave. fs in. the var ag Taio
32 Ci Maa roa) ana a
2 WINDSOR $1 doro,. 6. i; Hat
+ Ft cor ; Lendon, be; Winnipeg,
3 15 ry, 7.034c; Vuancouve= ard
qrgetecgeprtntetesecbebefe ebb beesbclerbbe eee ee PEPE PEE EEE
EOE Sa SEO : ’ A fee CCEA a att
ee ie a A ee i ie ey \¢ nha Sa
on urn actors
= s + 1,400 and under,. This order
ai was passed in the Interests of increas-
as { Ff od production on Pebruary 72h: last,
ote z and w. to expire on the 7th of the
abe “Bent MM Since i $ put into
= = Sb), ffact ove ).000 of this class of trac-
+ Of the most practically user z tors.came into the Dominion, and the
he : F amount of duty thus remitted was in
Eee ful kind are artistically de- t the neighborhood of two’ million dol-
og signed } Luncheon “Knives, .¢, lars. For the total fiscal year 1916-17
a only about 2,000 tractors of all sorts
as Forks and Spoons. We are a enteredthe Dominion.
a2 offering some beautiful” ex Now that An I crsthurg is in the
‘ iis amples of -the silversmith's | Hydro zone,-a real interest {s belr
: . ee} thken in the rates that. Will be ‘im-
ce art in out establishment at b posed. Huron county papers summar-
; lize thebopinion in that district thus:
+ presen ‘te | “We have always contended that the
= Everything you need in *b Provincial Hydro-electric sharges
‘ {should be tased-on an equalized raie
+ silverware is here in the Best e% | over the whole .provinde, or it le@fst
e “Qualities at “the, Lowest RE overs each syst@m. - Places, n¢ he
| - , source of power sh Avot iive ¢
oh Ecce: : Fl uvue adyantageeérom asmanutac
+ — = = ————— = ~~ B ing point of view, Over Lhose wore
: ‘ : distant but still within the area of eco~
t i | nomical su 2 Tivo Garler-
nomical supply of power, 1y Garler.
+ No Better Goods ik the of ich Board Of Trade*has taken the
+ matter lp, and is sendiag @ an ution.
t World. Than Community Fl formarato tho -Agsociay-a Boards, of
orwart 0 18 SOC in® 5 0
be Th C + Trt de.of the Provine®provosin g
“ nde of ‘ osing A Gat
xe 5 as rate On Hydro power.”
ain a > fe The Massey-Harris Company has
+ | won its appeal to the Ontario Railway
+ te) and Municipal Board against the as-
+ + sessment placed upon its income by
+ the Assecament De; Pi 2ziment of Toron-
..
~~ | toy The dechion o { the Board creates
cad ‘S| an interesting préc edent ig respect to
+}. - THE E JE WELLER ne the assessment returnsefrom Victory
se od phe Te Bonds ‘since it uphole ds the contention
+ Dalhousie Street = * Amherstburg oy that a bondholder is entitled to a de-;
pe duction from grosssinterest to cover
Aeohecleclecleeforlooforlectethecloeleolerers BS te Saar Se Na be ete toesetetoes Josses’ which may hae been Incurred
ae in ale or to cover carrying charges:
Se Leriort SS ae oe 5 eofostocesfuefonfeoleer tet {The Masses-Hacrls Company bought
PS eer eB bit eet “ $1,780,700 of Victory Bonds and while
ie 3 holding them received $49,393.47 inter-
se ast. The bonds were afterwards sold
“ = and the company/claimed@that it had
> op | lost money on the resale of the bonds
“i of | and bad a right to deduct this loss and
Ca a op | carrying charges from the interest
* actually_received In order to Arrive at
x Clark & Strachan, Arner. fe its assessable income, The city, how:
) +
oe “S| aver, asgerted a right to assess “the
. ole a - men 3 gross amount. 5 s
z | Mr.’ Clark has decided toretire | “The prohibition iegislation to be
ote i from the business and the En- 5 Brought before parifament at the eS
o a ott i ing sessjon has been’ practically de-
a 2 tire Stock, consisting of ee | cided upon. It {is understood tliat
ole % parliament will he asked to extend for
+ 0 Goods and *lone year trom the deojatation of
wed vg peace, the regulations enacted last
a | Thi Sal ill t spring by order-fn-counctl, under the
as rt hy e WI Men’ s Furnishin S War Measures’ Act, prohibiting, the
of 3 further manufacture and importation
of liquor, and\.also prohibiting trans-
commence Monday Boots *k port of Hquor from a “wet to a ‘dry”
" + t area in Canada The year's further
*% a * trial of the present prohibition regu-
Morning, February 3 Stioes & Rubbers, Rs {ations ia ta be feNewed according to
$, | the legisjation as now contemplated

 
 

  
   
 
   
      
       
  
 

  
  

at Nine O'clock and
will continue until
and including Satur- |.
| day, ee! 15th.

Groceries,
Hardware

will be offered at Great Reduc-
tions. Space will not permit our
enumerating the articles.

Your- patronage will be apprecinted _
and your’ — will repay you

  
  
 
   
  
    

    
 

  

 

~~ WHEATLEY. WINDSOR.

 

 

  

 

   
 

 

 

by a national referendum, giving the
majority of, the people*of Canada the
right 1o say whejher or not the whole
Dominion shall wipe out entirely the
manufacture ard sale of intoxicants,
Indications arm that parliament will
pass, without much opposition, the
proposed iepisiation. providing for the
referendum after a further year’s ex-
tensfon o the present Or order-in-council.

One bftem hears the question asked
ag ta ‘he amount of penalons 10 be
paid annudily by the Government,
whic: is dne ofethe most important
quer tions to be dealt with. The amount
will total fully thirty mifllion* dollars,

Se ane so os a ae a

 

alull bé distributed fairly, the Govern-
‘ent has provided the necossary ma-
chinery, for wiiich an. organization
fiteaded by the Board of Penstona Com-
missioners. will put it in operation.

  

Aownship to A. B.

and in order that this large amount f,

Fifty thousand pengions are already |

  

  
 

 

 
 

PER

AN (DE RDON.

 

 

"MALDEN.

OFF

 

10 to FE

r usie extragsainary. Town
vy » inusic extraordinary, Town Danelng mus inary
SRE es. Fabruary 11th, Han, Amherstburg. Felryary Lith.
R. B. Countess, sth con., Malden, 1s R. E. Countess. Sth gon., Malden, [8

 

having an Auction sale next Mor stay:

)
See his advt.

haying an Avction Sale next Monday.

  
   

  

 

 

  

 

 

   

 

che 6th conoes

é
ae aan Ba t, 14 mile past of Capt. C. H. Basshi,, 1% mile east of (OF ITSELF)
Harrow. is advertising 2 big fuction | Harrow, is advertijing a big auction
cate for next Tuesday, Feb. 11th. ali (95 net he ie cet waa 3 nm
Noah Deslippe’s have hada scrloyg| The Rev. be A right Ww p) BIG It Th
siege. of the “Flu.” " They gon Nor. at Trinity church at 3 o'clock Sunday | [sn f the A UR FT iS
man js still ina bad candition afternoon.
The auction sale Ot Herbori Harria,| The auction’ sale of Herbert Hamil ‘
con. & Maiden, will be held on Friday, | con. 6, Malden, will he held a ey ha , CLEARANCE SALE
Feb. 14th. See list iu this issue. Feb, 14th. See list jp this issu ivan TE Ay Z, ie
The counc}) will recelvo tenders for| John Ci Workman, Gesto, ie |
the big scraper, to be opened on Mon-|tising an-extonalre Auction = ae 5 :
day. March 3rd. Howard Gibb, Tp.| Tuesday, February 11h, on PAS ° rT FIAST:—The high character and quality’ of the:
Clerk. Read it, Fc here meorchandiae, and tio absolute» guarantes of |
Wm. Sellars aad J. G. Parks are| Tho influenza is very | M an re satisfaction under which it ia sold, j
unioading- a car of tlo at Marshfleld, |some parts of the township. z Sees h ;
which will be put in as soon as weath-|ported that the epidemi< han ente | Are t 2 SECOND!—The large varieties from whicl you may
{

nearly every home jin lete lines In all the varioug

  

 

 

       
 
 
 
  
      
  
    
  
 

      

or caditions permit a cheose. Big comp

3 Katie Bratt, who has been re- ,Sion- ged away Sit! Things periods, woods and finishes, Honest, well.
ceiving treatment in. Harper hospital,| Mrs. James Clark Pee Fe bata: | $i made furniture (n beautiful designs.
Detroit, was improved sufficiently to }urday morning, a victim ot ot ee
be brought Bome on Monday, and Js }She had been i for. On MA eas | That THIRD:—The very low regular prices ftom. which
erowigg stronger steadily. *Iwhen the disease devel ea hal the reductions are mado; which means that’

The "Banana Belt” is true to its ungs, and noshopes could be fr on ft Count everything (5 a reat bargain.

Listen fo this. Freeman Deslip for her by her pl 5 umera Saar
jambs running around smart as criek- | 8¢ rvices were ¢ condut aa a a

  

dance Tuesday atts ertROOn by

 

 

ets, already, and by Easter they will ee a iA |
be In fine marketable conditjan: A. Monteit = , ft
John Marontate, sold his S0-acre| Presbyterian ¢ 10 is A(j yey “he £e sat 0 ar ty re oc 0
farm, which he has beomgndvertising and e remains wore int peas ¥
in The Echo, to William French, the Bi! cemetery. Mre Clar

   

Crepston, ¢
of Amheor

name was Jennfe
of George Cranstom
She was born in F

consideration boing $9,000. Mr.
French will take | possession’ of the
place as soon as can jiold an auc-

OH ‘Unie volstared Furniiure, Davenports, Rockers, Arm

ie

 

 

    
   

  
   
      

   
 
 
 
 

 
       
  
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
       
        
     

      

 

   

tion sale. nine years ago, n oom, i
Ralph Langlois is having the resi- | fami d ft f Di R Li
OC ee oe Chairs, Beds, Qressers, Dining ving
modeled, and experts to move tucre
the latte urt of February. Mr. La I | irae S Lib Ty a
fots tosh sais t ice 2 ae _ and j their hereavet Pear Room afl Be room ets, i ra an
the teiiant-then cn it has just moved; ~.We oars to rac ort Het this a at “aal ' . Ina
: death of John fay aa etd F f i T bl

oeorhe Attermats' a real smashing}away Saturday morriing in tho 5 | fiall Furniture, 1001 afl a e
sale, opens at W., R ie - & Co.'s, z 1 yearapt his al i tm AS nid } c ot oO 5
Harrow, to-morrow (Saturday). Part|© ped between e Pa | { it R
eee cory plan gam: A amps, Lostumers, ug
page 10, of The io this week een 3M: yee eal

John+C, Workman, Gesto,, 3 See 1 $ _ Ete
elite an aA ve Aa tion at ae We ‘ att toves =
Tuesaday, February lith, on pi BSitOn  -neX ‘
Read {t. ¢ faym, + He ere

Mrs. Ernest Sellars continu whol wanderdion. Of a
ili with the “F! + fourteon. of which pe was t Laitel oleh
on the wane In i living s sae = oak 18, of HAM FURNITURE, C0.
carrying the seo of eee a

 

Mr. and M

Both

Patr

Mrs

ud

 

 

 

 

   

         
  
    
 

 

 

 
 

    

    
  
 

 

 

 

       
 

 

and there Ww 5 { / Wi d
Sindy. Ovin 13-15 sanveeh iree . in sor
wasenelther ci a
bath
iss nt ii ult Tor onal otl on 6 ne ent
er, Misa Ruby McDonald, being at her Ay JCTION SALE Were ! i 5 ie
home \n Strathroy : ; = orR— ices \DRIN, HERBERT TARAS,
> <; st ‘ astate dl ng. 0 t { Sropridlor:
SS an Ror heaped came : ‘lFarm Stock, Implements, &c.5| pO:
art eing p throug n this |
ship. During the past week Thpmas BRiG | 12 Scart ERE ra 4 se S
Beaudoin sold his 50-acre farm on the {our EE wh : ea tonal of Havrow, | At CTION ALE
9th concession, to William White, of} of Auderdony \ auc’ = | nay aaa oat
1¢ Potlake “Road. Colchester South, da (Mrs ois TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 44th, 1819 | : j : OF :
for $7,000. Mr. White will take ,pos- {fe rolTo wing —Ta Sh rm Stock, Implements,. Ete
wssion the first of March, and Mr. Wes fi etn :
Jonudoin and wife expect to. move to] * = te i he at by Tublc Auction at
Wyndsor Herbert. Harris soli’ his | ¥fee= were conau ee AM Ura} Malden, on
S0-acre farm in the center’ of the aya terngon : va TUESDAY, FEBRUARYd8th, 1919 =

 

Wood, the consider-

     
  

 
     
 

           
 
  
 
 

     
  

            
     

          

      

 
  
 
  

 
         
         

     
 
  

   
   

    
   
 
   

   

        

 
 
    
    
 
   
   
  
    
        
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
      
 
    
    
    
 
     
  

 

 

  

 

         

 

 

 
 
 
 

     
 

“ } : <
ation being $5,500. Mr. Harris and Rose-Hil arte Tnieville: | & corn i \ 1 Sart ear ie ells in
family are moy to Gosfield South, mi - i are : ! 1 ve Horse, (00 MS.. rising tt
TAT y re epidemic that hus saddened ; ‘ egreold Colts 1 Lron Grew Horse,
COLCHESTER. NORTH. n hon throughout t eee fi: 1 Grady Holstein, Cow. rising
John CG Workin, “Gesto, is adver-}was sponsible ffor fite de vate S " on une: 4. Durham Cows,
ig ive Auction for}day-night of ome of our ei eee oar-erkt He sy mand, ep yen PY
Tue , February 1th, on 5. | young men, Alberni Laje f thy r. Red Poland;
Read it. Mr.and Mrs. Dodiphis Lajeu 0} ( sar-old Steer:
Join C. Workman fiag given up his| passed away affrer an jliness rs ar; Ewes,
4 ) , | if ay i \ IM; Ao Shosti,
lease of the rrett'farmy an k with’ inf za whieh was a | id g i Sows. duel
purchased theMcCloskey farm. lowed by pneumm He was twe -| : 1 at r a-foot a
stone: He ia advertising an extensive} a old, rand js survived t is | fe Wentysvey ali ay fk t I {Massey Harris 4
Auction Sale on Tuesday, Peb. 11.4. thts. one:, brother, Euger flo bin on i A | = ro sti j
Edgar Mitts. Winddor, .andJ three sisters; one in] 4, opitig| t4- Plate
Frank Keane and@wife, of Windsor, umption @ranwvent; Mrs. Alplionse | aj ie ec: 4 Noxon $4
were the guests, df George Blight and me, of Sandwich. West, and. Mrs. {an if i do} » Cort ria
fomily over Sunday.—Mrs. Quick spent] Alex. Beneteitu, of Anderdon, The} We rae attr
Sunday with friends in Harrow.—New- | funeral, which took place Monday : Cart: 1 pat tens; €
ton Holdén and wife caljed on’iriends|mdrning to the local cemetery, was 1 Pigt Rack; Hoe Rack and Bog
here on Monday.zAn *oyster silpper| largely attended. Much sympathy Is m He gu AM be
was given by,.Mr, Levack on friday] extendéd to thi beres aved family. cir te AVooH AWMKINE PROWL | api
ayening Jnst-Ajl presentehad 2 good | Rey, Fr. Loiselle, who has ben very ar a rer a me Plow: & Showet, Plows: oe
time.—Mt. and Mrs. Eldred Sweet in- {dit with Influenza, js. recovering i ancien ASDA He p i : 4 on a) Brom, Poti Plat
tend to’ meke their home in Windsor. | slowly: but.is not yet able-to resume@y = ~~ eat He E Sprereher: 3 COME
—George Gould is attending the an-jhis work. ih 2 et = N a isi orn Harness; 1 Thin |
nual jive stockemeetings and banquet — EN ITICT ‘ , ; j Worse ess; t sets of Stine Marnesig
oii fateToronte. this: week: =m, Le- LEAMINGTON. LXUCTION DALE |S, Horse, Cotta set Light, Donble Hares
pain has bought the vaoant, store for- : ss ine pte ae eae - , tin Rar SN ace Atma eeROt bundle
merly ownedaby Thomas Hufgard, Jr., Erle Co-pperative Co., with ad 1rm Stock, Implements, &e., {dor: vafout 8s bushes Seed ar
and intends moving same to bis farm. quarters {n--Leamington,, sold -| ee ( “ eck Yokga:: Low 0
We regref to see\this building moyed {924.21 worth of. fruits and perctables |) | rhe bec recat ue es ih ; row -Bars:
dway, aa there is great need of a foreits shareholders duritlg the ma aN Maleer ‘ Pe |
store,here, If Mr. Lepain would put) year. This smashes 5 BOE _FEGRUARY t4th, 1918 r i :
{nya atock of groceries we would be cords. by $27,261.13, ; ¥ a " , r aoe Poxt “Aagety
Thomas |extend its operations to the SAT ERE obit NAT

glad to patronize him.—Mrs,

   

       

 

 

         
    
     
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
  

     

        

   

   

 

    
   
 

 

  
     

 

Huggard.attonded the funephl of her}surrounding Kingsville and u } Shrapnel Cream Sena
mother. the: late*iizabeth Stevenson, | otfer sections of South Esse: Tah i Kitehen Ghalra; Bee
of Essex, on Tuesday ‘of last week.— import ant co-operative m ovement fe) ' 7 1 wees CIWS at Exp peers uel
Thaifitde’ son-of Roy Potter, who has{tually shiped 37 enrloads, 44,000 bas- \ : i Hs Com, Winter: MeCorinink | Rraae,and) mang: Gather articles too nue
been i for the past week, is improy-| kets of fomatoc¢ B j four ange Whe | \ Mov Se pal a Mat Cliwe £ (0 montione He
rooMiss Bessie Oakey, eldest and |company stipped 229,00) eleven-quart Waror = = this Tare RL TPR :
aRarly beloved aaighterd Ob Mrie An:| baskets of tomatogs during the, 1918 aa er 1K ily starts ut go atclook A.M. sharp,
nie Oakey, dfed Wednesday nyorning|season. It also eu e ad c ci ts ot ENT a Lejach. dt. Modn. ;
after a long {Wness, She had a’ kind,}onions, as swell as thousands o pep: bouts - ee
gentle disposition which endeared her | pers The 180 mémbers not only ship- 4 Ae He TERMS aan onianse Me 3)
to many friends and relati Be-|ped much of their products but pur Po 46.4 au xr wn I Mpavbed folnt notes) or 68
sides ler?mother she Jeay three| chased fertilizer fone the  sojl, ar nd | jum to ment nom of for cash on sums
brothera and two sisters to mourn her) bagon, salt and other articles of tood Sale to besin at to ertdlt, mg
toss. Muct sympathy is ex xtended the}at wholesale prices. They made a oi UE a th &- ATKIN, JOHN MARONTN
ber uve family. profit over all of Soh 000. | Wer. Rroprielta

     

Z

   
  

 

 

 

 

CANADA'S MOST PROGRESSIVE (

DOWLERS OLOTHIER §

 

 

 

; Examined Passed

Classified A-I

'Dowler’s Great Winter Sale

9 to 33; Per Cent. OFF

Our Entire stocks Men’s and Young. Mex's Over-
coats, Suits, Mackinaws, Boys’ Overcoats, Mack-
inaws- and Suits, Men’s and Boys’ Shirts, Hats,

Sweaters and Sweater Coats, Neckwear, Winter
Gloves, Underwear, Pyjamas and Night Gowns, —

Registered

 

   
   
    

  
    
    
 

  
 
 
 
 

a

 
 
     
    
    

  

Another Windsor isor death on Satdrday
was thet of Miss S. J. King, aged 72,
of Toronto, Miss King died after «
short {linesi at the home of her broth-
er, Clement iKng, Devonshire ‘ond,
hy sadeed The remains weyo tak-

King, Devonshir: Road,
pbtheri chused the deat of two
aie girl p

aya’ ero Saturday
within a fe os

7 tho Sryar i ey oP ther. at

administered by the Board. Pensions
are not gratyiiies. No pension ip
fiwarded for service only. But every
soldier or sailor ‘who has been dis-'
abled during service js entitled to and
recelves a pension. The amount of |
pension is determined by the porcent-
age of disability—that is, the hand}-
cap Of the soldier or satlor iadéter-|
mined by medical boards, The amount

rey {of money Sprned by a soldier or sailor
before enlisting, or the money he my,

neice Ivison arrived home iis
the General hospital, Toronto,
day, and js considerably improved
mday. He expects to remain with
1s parents here for a month bszore re-
ee to his farm in the weat.

 
  

 
  

  
    

A SALE IN A CLASS BY ITSELF.

 
  
 
 

 
   
   
 

 

 
   

away
her t enst,| be able to earn one Be return
be ites cizilisg. lle doe he

de!
eos ee the
   

    

    
    

 

 

ERSTBUR
aye mane a ATOWH NOTE by

AUCTION SALE |\westssevunerorrs es

wrapping hoop iron round it, or by
in,

 
  

February 7th G ECHO. |

ie

VARIAN YR RYS

THI AMH

 

A

 

  

Repairing and Ruewing Broken
Equipmentin Time.

 

 

     
  

    

COLCHESTER SOUTH.

Following obituary notice of Colctes-
ter’s old teacher was in the Olds
(Alta.) paper: “Olds and vicinity were
shocked Jast Friday evening to Jearn
of the sudden death of one of our old-
timers, Thomas Leonard Buckton. Mr.

 

 
 

 

FARM STOCK, IMPLEMENTS, ETC.

hardwood as at D (Fig. 8).
There will bo sold by Public Auction at Lot 18, North Malden Road, 34

One of the first places.for a gato
to get rotten is at the junction of

mile West of Gesfo, tho old Barrett Farm, in the Township of Colchester

North, on -

~ TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11th, 1919.

by wet lodging there.. The only way
at 10 o'clock A. M., the following property:

 

 

her
pa 7 HEAD OF HORSES.
i Black Percheron Mare, 7 years old, 1800 ths., in foal to Percheron horse
ie Black Percheron Nare, 7 years old, 1600 tha,, in foal to Percheron horse
ay Black Pércheron Colt, coming 1 year old
us Matched palr Bay Geldings, 7 years old, 2,700 Ihs., well broke °
oll. Bay Clyde Mare, 1300 tbs,, in foal to Percheron horse,
Sorrel] Horse, 5 years old, 1100 Ibs.
ich 4 42 HEAD OF CATTLE.
hat’

Durham Cow, 7 years old, dué Jast of February
Durham Cow, 7 yeurs old, due March 1st
Durham Cow, 6 years old, due April-ist
Holstein Cow, 4 years old, giving milk
Durham Cow, § years old, due March Ist
14 2 and 8 yenr old Shorthorn and Holstein Helfers, due from March 1st
to July ist
Durham Cow, § years old, giving milk
(The above gtock is bred to Shorthorn Bull) .”
2 Steers coming 2 years old; Bull coming 2 years old
17 Shorthorn and Red Poll Spring Calves; Veul Galt
(All above Cattle have been fed grain for 90 days and are ready for the block)

1B HEAD OF SHEEP,

17 2. and 3 year old Leieaster and Oxford Bwes, bred to Leleester Ram, due
whout April 1st; Z Leicester Ram

60 HEAD OF HOGS.

4 Rogisterad Duroc Jersey Sows; 4 Grade Chester White Sows
7 Grade Duroc Jersey Sows; Registered Duroc Jersey Boar
(Above Sows are bred to Registered Duroc Jersey Boar, and are due April 1st)
29 Store Hogs, 125 to 175 Ybs.; 5 Registered Duroc Gilts, 120 ths. each

SEED GRAINS,

500 bushels O. A, C, No, 72 Oats; quantity of O. A. C, No. 21 Barley;
quantity of shelf-dried Seed Corn, Leaming and White Cap.

FARM IMPLEMENTS.

Cockshutt 2-Furrow Plow; 2 Oliver Walking Plows, 12 and 14-ineh: 2

John Deere Cultivators; 2 Oliver Cultivators; 2-Section Harrows; 15 cords
Dry Wood, 18-inch long; Hog Troughs; Calf Troughs; Barrel Churn? New
Washing Machine; Garland Coal Stove; Wood Stove, and other articles too
numerous to mention,

OF

 

ea THE GESTO LADIES’ AID WILL SERVE LUNCH AT NOON.
nts, TERMS—Sums of $10 and under, Cash; over that amount 10 months’
°3 credit on furnishing approved joint notes that will be accepted by a Charter-
a. ed Bank. 6 per cent. per annum off for cash on sums entitled to credit.

©, A. POWELL, : JOHN C. WORKMAN,

Auctioneer. 5 Propriétor.

Ete,
ion at
I)

 

arnessy?
jarpessy
(i COrt,
bil :
Harte:
Ctvains:
ra; 3
sin, Bat

What Everywoman Knows

Every year, dress’ fabrics: are: becoming sheerer and
skecrer—the colors more dainty.. The drdeal of ‘trusting
the delicate garments to “soap,and water’, however, is
done away with by the use of Lux.*”

Janketss
Garde,

,

You may feel quite free to buy the daintiesf blouse or
underwear your purse can afford—without a bit of worry
about the washing of them. {You keep them fresh and
new the Lux way—simply dipping them up and down in.’
the creamy; copious Lux suds with never a bit of rubbing
to injure them.

Lux won't hurt anything that
2 pure water ilself may touch.

LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED,. TORONTO.

50

SS

 

    
   
 
   
   
     
    
  
   
   
      
 
 
  
    
   
  
 
  
  

 

 

 

R. S. Tvy, after being postmaster at! *North, Bay town council has voted
Coehill oe 21 years, has resigned.) $500,000 to the board of trade for ad-
rgo R. Clarke, a returned soldier, |vertising purposes.

IeMEhp ‘NeW; DOStMAREST 6a, Canada will spend $80,000,000 * in
A proposal made is, ‘that all those} soldiers’ gratuities, and 40,000,000 for

who failed to report or register as| pensions this year. — ‘

required by the Military Service Act,} -1¢ {s “proposed to spend sixty mil-

shall lose’ clyil righta for ten years: |jjons on Canadian Government rail-

i fllions on
In Quebec city a committee wants.) Ways, and. over. twenty m

a. local cénsor to revise the” filma al-| Public works. Ss :
ready passed by the Provincial Board,| When the war broke out Canada's’
and also urges that children under|/net debt totalled  $836,000,000, and
fifteen years of age be prohibited |her gross debt $544,000,000. Net debt
from attending moving picture the-|of the Dominion now atands at $1,-
atres, even if accompanied by their} 3330,000,000, and gross debt at $2,
parents, ‘«. a 2 491,000,000. ‘ :

     
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
     
 
 

 
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
   

    
   
  

   
 
 

>
%

en parts and tightening: up tires and
loose skeins, clean the wagon thor-

oughly,

of paint. This will preserve the wood
and prevent shrinking.
shaft or tongue may be efficiently
apliced With hoop iron as shown in
Fig 7% The.iron can easily be bent

and then pulling-it over with. one.
hand and tapping it with a hammer
at the same time.

hi
rail is sawn off about a foot from the
dowh rail Las shown by dotted lino

in sketch 8a.
stuff is then driven into the mortice

in the head (B) and cut off tho right
length; the two are then nailed to

gether as shown at 8b in part plan
If broken at A (Pig 8)_the splicing |

Handy Hints for fepairing Machin-
ery, Harness, Gates and All
Other Brenkatie Farm Equip-
ment—If Work Is Done Before
Spring Rush Many Valunble
Hours Will Be Sived at a Time
When Delay Spells Greatest Loss,

(Contributea by Ontario Department of
Agriculture, Tojonto.)

HE time for a systematic

, overhauling of the farm

equipment Is at hand. Re-

pairing at howe means say-

ing in two ways—a gaving of expense |,
}ind a saving of time,

Before attempting to take a ma-
chine apart it fs well to thoroughly
look over®{t.to gain a clear idea of
the general arrangement and location
of the parts. Machines with few
parts or parts whose relations are
quite obvious, do not require to be

marked, but machines whose parts
fire numerous and similar in size and
in appearance should be given dis-
finc(ive marks—similar marks being
put on adjoining parts. These marks
may-be centre-pops arranged in de-
VIGGEE HOS ip nay) 2 es) 28 OL) attors
stamped upon surface of the parts
where there is no frictional contact.

In the stress of a busy season a
broken tooth of a gear can be fixed
up in a few nmiinutes, and if properly
done gears so repaired will often last
an Indefinite time—often many years,
Chip and file the broken tooth down
to the root. Draw centre line of
tooth across width of rim. Drill the
required number of holes, according
to width of rim. A pin of wrought
jron stock may be driven gently into
the holes and filed to shape to match
the other teeth. A better job may
be made by tapping the plugs into the
rim (Fig. 6).

To mend harness by sewing pro-
cure a couple of strong needlgs, a ball
of high-grade flax shoe th¥ead (No.
8), a ball of cobbler’s wayf a straight
and bent awl, and a clamp to hold
the work. The clamp can be made
from two oak barrel staves (Fig, 1).
The thread should be made in length
and strength according to the work
to be done. For light work from 3
to five strands will suffice, for me-
dium, like lines and girths, from 6
to § strands; and for heavy stitching,
as tugs and breeching, it will require
from 9 to 15 strands,

Break the thread by rubbing it
down upon your ‘knee, with your
right hand, and give it a sudden jerk.
It should break in a long ragged end:
The ends should be placed together
so as to form a long tapened point.
Hold’ strands together in your left
hand. With wax in right hand draw
it over the ends a few times, enough
to keep them together: Now throw
Strands over a nail, draw ends even,
twine the end in left hand over fore-
finger, and rub the othér end down
on the right knee with the right
hand. When well twisted rub on
more wax. Thread a needle on each
end, draw the thread through the
eye for about two inches. Bend back
the points of the thread and twist
them well into the body of the thread
(Fig. 10).

Picrce a hole in the work with a
straight awlkand Insert a needle into
the ‘hole drawing the thread halfway
through (Fig. 1b). . Plerce another
hole end pass a needle through for
two or-tiree inches. Through the
same hole draw the oiher needle.
With a thread in each hand pull them
both quite Ught, Repeat. Keep
stitches straight. and\ uniform iu
length (Fig. 1c).

For joining two’ pliable surfaces
together in emergency theve, is, pire

 

 

 

i fo cur end circ
haps»-nothing so haudy, co ‘stréng ‘ a * additional six or seven acres will be | testimonials. sae 2 Pee it =
and so neat us o rivet, jan “issort- I, CG purchased. Then the institution, Sup- Address: F. J. CHENEY & CO,,To- * «
ment “of rivets should bo kept on x erintendent Kennedy beluieves, can be | jedo, O, “ee

hand, both of soft tron tinned and of operated without on penny of cost té Sold by Druggists, 76c.

solid. copper. (Figs. 2, 2, 4). The
split end elincher rivets are suitable
for Jouther or stout» woven material,
ay saddle girths und head halters;
fron or copper flat head waslior rivets
may be'used for leather, cloth, thin
metal and for even thin strips of
wood (Fig. 5). 3

The wagon is an iMportant factor
In the daly routine work of the
farm, and should be kept In good
running order, but it requires spe-
cinl consideration and experience to
profitably repair the wheels, for un-
les3' the proper taper and “gather”
{s given to the spindle, and the axle
set the right way, it will result ina
hard-running wagon, the wheel
grinding on the collar or nut instead
of playing easily between them. The
farmer, however, can attend to loose
spokes, tires and hub bands, checked
hubs, et@. After renewing the brok-

m.

   
  
  
 

    

    
  

fill the checks, with some
good filler and give the whole a coat,

A broken

  

round close by fixing one end ‘first Es

Assume a broken rail of a gate,
or stock rack. Tho old bar or

 

    
   
    
  
 
   
   
 

A short pieco of new

 

 

Jess Willard has been signed up. Un-
der the terms of the. agreement, the
champion agreed to deposit $10,000
with a Chicago bank at once, this sum
to be forfeited to Rickard {f Willard
fails to carry out his promises.
ard agreed
cago last week, $15,000 sixty days be?

fore the date of the contest and: $75,-
000 forty-eight hours verre the day

of the bout.

agreed to forfeit the first

Willard; ahd if he falle to, 200° '0
$75,000, Willard will receive eo5 goo,
The Kansas: “cowboy”. agreed Bot to
make any other engagements, 4, to
appear in any other exhfbition ¢
tests, and also agreed tovbe at

place designated for the match sixty | djseages are found to exist in th {1; | Always bears We eee

‘days in advance to finish his training. || Seon, the e

It ‘was -decided that ‘Rickard should | ivoaithy onions: tne to ee ore | ‘Signature of YL LAA _Phone 46 P. 0. Box 257
name the referee and that-his selec-| ; , a ‘

tion would be final.

held in St. Johns’ chureh housé, Sand-
wich,’ Monday night,
gage, which had been) taken out in
1906, was burnt in the presence of a
Jarge gathering:

H. P.. Westgate; Mrs. D. Hind, preat-
dent of the Women's Ald in 1906; Mrs.

George Elliott, president of the ‘Wo-|¢ver are much more resistant to} ™ a eacbushels White Cape Loom: :
mens! Aid in i918; Mr, Tasker, repre-| the disganes, MPLA ial Geue'cora te nasbar-ge|  AMMERSTRURG -~ ONTARIO
aénilhg epic’ wardens “Obst John's) sudbury hets aside $990,000 for tho | oy, 250 bushols Osta, about tons Allele, | ge

church in 1906; M. G, Wells, the war-
den of St. John’s church in 1918, and

r.
W. McKee and Fred. Neal, represent-
ing the men who signed a bond giving

; s Harness; ond A
ratte ner for the payment of anes as pay be per Sou Se | Harness and Colla hase ‘Benet; “Cooking Auto equipment whon So osd :
3 xd ‘ , ts Range; Oil Stove; Barre Min; Vacupm |) 43 Quollotte AV: WINDSO)
upply from Lake Huron. | Gleuner; Singlestrees; NeckYoke: ‘Spade Lateran gs Cink

 
 
   
   

to fix this is, as shown at C (Fig, 8)
by nailing strip of hardwood firmly to
brace as low down as bottom, rail
will allow,—Prof, John Dvans, O. A.
College, Guelph.

 

Buckton had beon Ikicked by a harse
the day previous, with internal hemor-
rage resulting, Thomas Leonard Buck-
ton was born at Port Dalhous{e, Ont.,
November 16th, 1874. His high gchool
education was received in Welland af-
ter which he egtered Toronto Univers-
ity, gfiduating therefrom in Arts In
1898. Soon after graduation he came
west and lived with his parents for
a couple of years, during which time

RTING Goops
\HALLAM. Limitea

HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO

 
 

wa

 
 

 

66

 
 

     
   
   
 
  
   
     
 
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
    

   

HILE stooping.
near the stove I caught}
the handle of a pan of

 
     
       
     

he randered valuable assistance to the -
Methodist work in Olds and district. boiling water and upset
The old-timers remember the fine dis- it, writes Mrs. Albert?

 
 
    
     
     
          
             
       
       
      
            
            
         

courses delivered by “Tom” L. Buek- Smart, of 279 Harbison

ton. Durinfy the recent prohihition Ave., Winnipeg. “The
campuign he delivered some of the entire cont 5 of

best and most lucid speectres on the i eS ents Oo} the pan
question from ~an* economie stand- poured partly down my

pont that were uttered. While not arm, but mostly over ny
demonstrative, his flow of language foot, and as I was wearing

dnd rich fund of factacand sfigures, f'ppers at thé time my foot}.
withodt a note” or memoranda, were ‘vas very budly scalded! A ‘3
niost. Interesting and won for him very huge blister covered the whole

great praise, His Soclalistle leanings top of my foot and the pain I
qualified him partjcularly for this cuficred was intense. We hud
phase of the question and his efforts heard how good Zom-Bek is
certalnly counted for a good share of for such injuries, so my hus.
vesults in Olds district. During the band%got some and applied it.

 
 
       
 

The first application soon gave
me wonderful relief from the
burning pain, and- continued
applications completely cured
the scald. After this demon.
stration of the value of Zam-
Bul: weare now never without
a box in the house. We have
Proved it invaluable for the
‘many little accidents which
are ofsuch frequent occurrence
in every home.

Zam-Buk is just as effec.
tive for'skin diseases, such ns
eczema, salt rhcum and ulcers,
and is without equal for Piles,
In many cases where the
disease or gore is of long stand-
ing and other remedies haye
becn useless, Zath-Buk has
worked a complete and per-
manent cure, Its absolute
purity makes it suitable for the
most tender skin (even the
skin “of a young baby) and
mothers should always keep a
box on hand for emergencies;
rarer ade be not deteriorate
wi eeping. <All de;
50c.mbox. = pie

palmy days of the Oddfellows Lodge
in-Olds, Brother Buckton was one of
the most enthusiastic workers, in fact,
there seeméd but one way he could
engage himself at anything and that
as with enthusiasm, 2fhe departed
was a deyoted husband and, father,
good neighbor and friend. A wife,
daughter and two sons remain of his
own little family, as well as ails par
ents, Mr. and ‘Mrs, Leonard Buckton,
two sisters; Mrs. C, F. Holmes,éind
Miss Clara Buckton, and one brather,
Harry Buckton, of Strathmore, The
funeral occurred last Sunday at 2 p,
m. from the home of decensed’s pnr-
ents in Olds, to Olds cemetery, Rev.
George G. Webber officiating. The
cortege was made up of along line of
cars and six Brother Oddfellows low-
ered the remains of Thomas Leonard
Buckton into their tomb.”

  
      
      
     
    
 

      
             
    
 

     
         
         
   
             
               
      
      
           
       
     
     
      

   

  
   

DETROIT MURDERS.

 

 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

  

Dide View of gear
Snares tepair,

Relays- of detectives combing. the
Italian district of Detroit: Monday fol-
lowing two murders within 12 hours,
discovered evidence to show that one
of the killings may have been the
result ofa feud, while the dther they
belleve clearly shows robbery’ as a
motive,

James DeMaggio, 24, a foraman at
the D. &C, docks, died with two bul-
lets through his body near the heart
at Lafayette and St. Aubin street early =
Monday<morning. _The only witness
fled when bullets whistled about his
head. :

Francis DeMaggio, of the-same
name, but not believed to be a relative
of the dead man, was found dead at
Shade and Cleveland stre@ts, January
S1st, 1918. A bullet hole through his
heart indicated he had met death in
the same why as the other man of the

 
 

 
 

    
    

   

 
 
  

  
  

 
 

 

 

   

    
        
          
      
       
        
     
     

t

| @) Parl of Spliced Tongue,

   
      
  

R ALL HOME
, ACCIDENTS

 
       
         
     

same name Monday. A watch and
$2.75 was found in DeMaggio’s pocket.

   
   

  

He was dressed for work and carried
his lunch. *

 

  
  

 

=

FARMING SLASHES
COUNTY HOME COST

 

 

HOW’S THIS?
There is more Catarrh in this sec- *

tion of the country than all, other dis-
eases -put together, and. unt
few years was supposed to We incur-
able; For a great many years doctors
Pronounced it a focal disease and
prescribed local remedies, and by con=
stantly failing to cure with local treat-
ment, pronounced jt incurabje Sciince
has proven Catarrh to be a consti=
-tutional disease, and therefore’. re-
quires consfitutional treatment. Hall’s
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F, J;
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohiagis the
only Constitutional cure on’the mar- —
ket. It is taken + internally in doses
from 10 dréps-to a teaspoonful: It —
Kennedy | acts directly on the blood’ and =<.»
mucous surfaces of the system, They

offer one hundred dollars for any case
it fails

 
     

       
  

 

 
 
  

   

How the greater production idea,
carried out sytemetically, aided {in
eutting the cost of maintaining. in-
mates of the Essex County House of
Refuge from $1.14 a week fn 1917 to
22 cents Inst year'{s degcribed in the
annual,report of Duniel Kennedy, Sup
erinténdent Kennedy believes, can be
Council, Wednesday of Jast week. ~

Whatgmay seem a marvel in these
days “of high costs was’ accomplished
by the inmates, a 'majority*of whom
are upwards of 60 years old, tilling al-
Most eyery yard of the 45 acres at
the home, “Superintendent
said.

If a reco:

 

| DELAY 7

        
    
    
    
   
 

 
  
   

     

te

    
  
   

 
   
 
 
  

 
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 

     
     
 
      
   
   
   
 
   

   

mmendation of the Super-
Intendent is aecepted bythe council an

 
 
         
     
     
 
 

  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
   

     
  

A match between' Tex Rickard and

 
 

the county. . Take Hall’s Family Pills for con:

.. mem

-RY\fty-four bishops of the Protestant stipation.
Episcopal church in the U. S., and four
In Canada have cabled to the Arch-
bishops of Canterbury and York a pe-
urged by specialists in:plant pathology) tition to use their: Influence to obtain f
at the Ohio Experiment Station “to by the Peace Gonference’ of an <As-
give attention to the treatment 6f| syrian delegation to present the claims
onion’ seed used {n planting the spring}of the -Christians of Mesopotamian,
crop. Smudge, smut, black mold and] <urdistan and Persia, for protection
neck rot of onions have been control- and! rehabjlitation. :
léd in experimental tests at the Ohio
station by treating the seed with a so-
lution ‘of formaldehyde, made at the
rate of one ounce of formalin to two
gallons of water. The seed is soaked
in this solution for an houryor more
but dried completely before planting,

Where onions are grown on the
®| same soj{l year after year, however, the

FIND MEANS TO COMBAT
OHIO ONION DISEASES

Because onion diseases cause, an
enormous loss in Ohio, growers are

 
        
 
 

 

 
 

 

   
  
 
  

Ph

            

    
  

Rick-
to deposit: $10,000 {n Chi-

    
      
        
   

CHAS. LEG

GETT

GRADUATE OPTIGIAR.

Nineteon yoars oxperionce, Hundreds of sat {-

   

Rrovided Ricktrd fails to
ake the second deposit ae $15,000 he

CASTORIA.
sin Use For Over 30 Years

   
     
    
   
 

Ged patients who aro living tostimonialy
éxclusive Optical’ Parlors, Main 83.,Kingavillo

Issuer of Marriage Licenses. ;
OQ. P. R. Tloket Agent. -

“post the

 
   

 
 

“On
Ga

 

 

   
   
 

 

 

 
 
  

ELECTRICITY

CLEAN Sare CHEAP

Orion P.- Barron:
ELECTRICIAN ‘
INTERIOR WIRING A’SPECIALTY
Estimates Furnished.
Cor. Gore and Seymore Sts, -

‘Specialists recommend crop rotation to |.4
rid infested ground. In come cases a
Yregular farm cro» is grown in place

‘of the onfonés'thus keeping out the

Pisgase because Its host plant has : ;
Farm Stock, Implements, &c.,

een removed.

, xperiments: show thatthe white ;
palops are quite susceptible to the There will be sold by Public uetion at
smudge or anthracnose disease which | Lot 82, 8th Cons Malden Township, .on

In causing a discoloration of the set MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10th, 1819

> followlng:—Jersey Cow, rising 5; |
reduces its market value. The brown ausig March; Gaw, mixed Jorsey"and Ayra-

and yellow varie’ > ~} shire, due in June; 4-Brood Sows, due in
:f leas gr crm ow, el and April; 250. bushels feed corn.

    

Aucrion SALE

—OPr—

 
  
  
    
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
   
    
   
   

— SANDWICH.

An event of unusual importance was

        
 
   
    

    
     

when the mort-

 

    

     
     
  
   
    
     
   

     
   
  
    
     
  
    
   
    
   
  

On the platform
ero the rector of the -parish, Rev.

      
  
    
    
    
      
   
   
       

Stack Corn Fodder;
purchase of a ney chlorinaling plant Cocksnutt, both 5) ring a aut feos
in conn 0} Gale»Corn ,Planter;sLani oller; Cockshu!

p ot EN fhe Sra ou oEks 13-dise Drill, 6” space; Deering Disc; Two-~
yetem.. Furrow Maple Leaf Plow; Walking Plow; |!
Artesian weels give Kincardine sup-| Adams Wagon, 3” tire: Family. Buggy: Hoy

uly of_water so hard that every house-} Rack; 2 Galvanized Oli Barrels: Galvanized

    
  
   
  
   
     

    
    
    
   

. J. Beasley, W. N. Gatield, C.

 

   
  
   
   
 
    

J. SUTTON & SONS.
Funeral Directors —
mouse of quality. . ~

     

     
       
  

      
  

   

  
  

Shovels and Many other articles too nun
orous: to. mension.

Salo: stari t i_ofclock P. M. sharp.

TERNS—AI sums.-at or or’under $10,
cosh; over ‘that amount .10: months’ credit
jon furnishing approved joint notes or six
per cont. per annum off for cash on sums

ontitiod 10 Gate > -
4} CLANK & ATKIN, R. E. COUNTESS, |
puenicnaeear : Propricto:

vio
“aaa

|
rs ty
an Be

i Household Effects. ui 4

 

There will, bo
i@ _rosidence; Dal
‘om AY,
inw pe oy

no
as

  
 
    
 

 
  
     

G ECHO. a
aded: “Wouldn't you ike somothing
| toot?"

    
   
 
 
 
  
  
 

 

  
 
  
   

oe SS NS
= = =

  
 

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
  

  
 

 
  
  
   
  
      
   
 
   
    

 
 

  
    
 

  
  

  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  

 

  
  
  
 
 

  

    
     
 
  
   
  
    
  

 

 

 

é air :
ositive Definite Knowledge— HOLD ALL WISDOM IN KORAN Aapplly.she had struck n wenk spot
eae 2 ani he gladly accepted the lunch bas-
: 7 ae Arabs of the Desert Place Implicit = Anne S 4 ket He divided everything, giving hor
~ of its Matchless Quality and Value has been Faith in the Teachings of Thelr I eH i thetion's ahare, which she did not dare| 39
po as created a sale Prophet Mahomet. Una ic 4) rafise, But If she thought to divert} 9
| gel gieshaneg ee An eS 41 sis mind from tt ts of last eve | Ze
sila na 21 ‘iy mind from the events of last ¢ ,
. of 25 million packets nually.—-= An Arab of the desert, one of the Be- : 5 aing she wus mistaken, for he began
oa F é duwi. What are these Arabs of the | ¢ By EILEEN OV/EN3 £] ngain: “Last night I was on my way
‘Ba aye desert? Todpy they look across the % | to Oakdale, where I intend, or perhaps By S.
; : | sands upon their droves of sheep 90d | fren. pegurenevyTeeerrnte rt oe) J should sny Intended, to spend my va- ‘\ Y pA 5
camols nnd peaceful are thelr-ntghts. | (Copyright, 1818, by tho McCluré Newepa- | cation, and my gasoline gave out about Broach PRES EROS
' But in “= oan aie’ the age ot per Syndleste.) five miles from town, Of course, there ANSAGA
% whieh they dream «and chant their od : t 6 d, so I started to hike ; h.
a songa as they He before thelr tents at ane ay iltite eee aa vi z el wes taking pretty on fine when The Kind You Have
- e 7 4 i Pa Dn coz lttle white cofttnge one & 3 t ' = a é or over ove
j é H : wh east tiny are ait ning iu early Juce , would live just as I zonvpen this ea amg ‘ ia use f nak 4
- es ane ee ; , lange brilliant in the sunlight, horse eee ah bien 1 eae: tried be ito qa ‘next thing fi. LG FH pt
TRY iT a Tea-Pot Test is better than a charging into battle, men with keen a ronen) Sacnhe gies I knew T-found myself in these duds Char Dy Hike Ss
= Volume of Arguments. 649 dark facés Billed withjlust for blood eater wie ae ae and with you pointing a gun at me. I ail Counterteits, 1 |
—_——_—_—— ee mder why Anne w : = fil C
i 2 = - } and booty. They hear thelr women Tamia nih) ae The wish you'd explain matters a bit. nts that ¢ ]
: <
‘

Anne looked at him. Was he telllng
the truth? He certainly looked and
acted as though he was, but somewhere
he had heard of the “diabolical craftl-
; of the Insane mind,” and—she

Ay An @ om AGRICULT'L SOCIETY.| close behind them, women Ilke these
mipht even suspect Ant

 
    

ust Experiment. j
i : } '
rORIA

Castor Oll, Paregoric, The
asant. It contains i make
ic substance. Its soles,

 

vi, HE E O : Bee : sitting now beside me, shrieking blame | 4 4 8
The intwal moeping of the members: gy teljing them that death upon the | wftald. bur that was net
tle [oultural Society | Whit

fl chamber, Aur
Vy

 
 

 

was ubsolutel;

Ac, Acte Af
», for her liouseeeper, ti

a a Pate buttlefleld was only opening wide for
3; Wald atc the

| them the gates of paradise. They bore

    

tlona

    
   

Published by 2.

  

| Ly

   
  
   

   
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
   

   

 
  
  
 
  
 
 

  
 
   
 
  
    

  
     
  

  
 
 
   
 
     
  
  
  
  
 
    
   
      
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
      
 
 
  

 

 
     

       
     
  

  
   
  

       

  
      
  

 

    

     

      
 
    
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 

 
      
 
 

    
   
 

 

  

         

 

    
    
  
 
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
     
  
   
   
   
    
       
  
    
 
    
      
      
      
  
     
  
    
   
  

 

 

 

 
  
 
  

 

    
    

 

 

  
       
 
  
   
     

 

THE ECHO PRIN TING co., Limited pe stburs. Thursday < voule, | 2 : : :
Pena AED A. W. MARSH, dent R. H. MeGregor | thelr flag nround the eastern world, | dl@n’t belleve him.
4 ” President. Seo. Treas.} ‘I'.o, annual finance their flag that 1s founded on a book. | Still trying to humor him, she satd: iirty years it has i:
oN ie fA tito ni The men of other nations have many “Tm very much obliged to you, ¢lr eves
ERIDAY, FEBRUARY 7th, 1919: To tha Amherstbu books, but the Beduln of the desert, ly dist and perbaps in a lttle while you can tion, Flatulency, Wo
= - = a derdon “Agricul | the follower of the prophet, has but Wai a i mae go.” ‘ . verishness’ arising: laced,
We, one, eternal, uncreated, writtenin the that she = “Don't you belleve me?” he cried, ex- nd Bowels, aids not we
language théy will hear in paradise. hoow a notte asperated =
ing unable t Within thelr book, the Koran, is the 5 Oh of course,” sald Anne, “but aa
ct summer. { ; ves. ¢ e a 3 = Siena :
ar Ss a wisdom of the ages, and no one can wouldn't you like to stay with me aj « \ We
atoren 2 : odd_to it mor make {ts tenchings less 1 » longer?” ray t S
ever t emer ea: Tce 3 offered, an ittle longer q WAYS shoes
re + | divine, It came from Allah's lps = “Ter, why certainly. Yd be delicht- Bog OS EAS ] ossib
oot s -, straight to the great Mohammed, and ee tint | sd: but I do wish ¥ ‘a pot that benst- 7 =
¢ holds for all trie followers the sum steud a firm advocate of pr beetle Shyigh youse ? ; : Daaca tne
of sn - eect : iis waa tho second ly gun down. It makes me feel rather Lp ees ish} (
able, Last (Sig and substance of God's Inws to men. | _2llls was the second * uncomfortable to be staring into the 7 «
000 ton f That book has. conquered half the Anne had come to Oakdsl: ae raatel ath rifle all the time.” Sel bg
The fe Seer 917 ¢ world, and the Bedawi belleve that the | Iuge tucked away in the ‘ane, who was really th od of hold-
pered botwet p, of Malden, 1917. - >< Z | tlme is coming whe > me from, the hustling, busting Anne, who was really tired of ho =
as ois ¢ when the men of Islam be E f
Tp, of Auderaons | shill possess the enrth as their in- | She’drew clever dil ing the heavy weapon; let it drop 1 ee PB 7s ; : Bs
Accoril County, 1918 .. ie SP ar : Gaia oonin Roe her side, but still kept her hand on It. 3 / DLR FEI AID eS
by Pret Govt herltance trom! God| on:hight Me isrwHe ie ger ea ae ‘A silence then fell, and Anne, still
ment, | ten on thelr forcheads, These Arabs Anne coulf not help fe Cae ine inn Syorn ie sail and the
Blections 2 5 | of the desert, these keen-eyed men sit- | wary, but she went to hi d carly and ie na ae yan ie caEnE ae zs ET : / ee f 7
the Legisia | ting so quietly in the white moonlight, | soon fell asleep, what he had suid: Ry dently she had itl Use OF ver y ears
eae bs are proud- with a pride we do not un- Some time later—I¢ 1 soe ear arrantnye for he ivaiGean in a ne wh :
serters derstand. The > D : 2@ o'clock— ee : : : VP ra
Columbia. In : sane aney as proud! of thelr. jinearsthree oelork: she - the fight, but who and where was the The Kind You Have Always Bought
oa rho. ca lineage, of the purity of their blood, of | by a loud ‘shout. She *«t “=p In b other man? He had sald he intended
he. Mil thelr unbroken traditions, They are | A moment's silence and reas d ' h
of the, Mi ; -: : to spend his vacation at Oakdale, and
fajled to” the real adventurers of the world, and | fused shouting and 5 hh <1 | «Anne found herself thinking how nice §
of the tribunal thelr nervous, high-strung, “daring’|. thud as of a body falilug, und onc | i wong pe it an one like him, in his 2
gelyes from ml! | characteristics have become the per- | more—silence. right Tl of “ourse, should ania to
Jaw will to manent marks'-of their -race. One Memories of acts of {nz aa tiny villares ee? raat ]
finds them ready to do and dare eyery- | rushed through her mind In quick s They would meet, they would form a
[thing that appeals: to thelr jmagina- } cession and she trembled . viole mutual fondness, they would tramp the
| tion. A cause must appeal to thelr | Finally summoning together nll } woods, they Seat row on the lake, and
| emotions—must appeal to the heart, } cour: She slipped from the bed antl] they sont es
fot the head—those same rfotous emo- | looked out the window. To her utter “Say”—Apne came back to the pres- ————— wi
hacgllf =| tlons which never produce but al-| relief she saw nothing at all alarminc:. | ent aie a thud—“how long Bon ; 7 *
Ny hod) 25 |W: : fi Pr P u os y ™
army. immigration and F =| ayscrula : ould it have been a dream?” Ann™ | going to keep a fellow in this coop?” :
colonization br in London, and inj J- 46 00) SRR IE ae questioned herself. Then, 1s once morc Anne didn't know what to say. She nsurance €a state A
conjunction v the vers- 19 30! Yank Surprises French Men. she crept Into bed, she concluded thait | was somewhat provoked herself, for it a i
ity, the Government 10s = ae 5 00 | =Lleut. J. Wray Chase of BHugene, | it had been a nightmare, evidentt!y | was now long past noon and it was hot
organizing a department we 75 00 | Ore., is_probably regarded as a cow- brought on by her distressing thoughits | and, moreover, she was very thirsty.

  

economics, Caurses have been ar- | E
ranged in Canadian citizenship, cook-
ing, dairying, powtry Tt ising, garden*
ing, first ald, home nursing, infant
care and a number of other useful ©
subjects. These, will be “open to any | Jud:
woman intending to go to Canada, | Supp?
without cost, the full course consisting } Sports .

of twelve to fifteen lessons, jee Show
——_———— Field Prizes

SPENT A USEFUL LIFE.

a |
39.00 | In the opinfon of one French officer. | fell asleep and did not n untilitthe | ¢ j
$ -. ‘o ery and the lunatic sald apologetical-
40 60 | Lieutenant Chase, in a letter to his | bright morning stnshine was slremim- | jy a hope you'll forgive ay ea ees
n , : ,

 

1g 00 | boy proficient In throwing the lariat, | of lunatics, whereupon she promptly She felt and looked as if she wanted ||
Money to Loan on Mortgage

 

    
   
 

 

tiry’s salary rae ae |
. postage, et 3 13 08 | wife, tells of an incident im.connection } {ng in on her fee. but I'm telling the truth, honestly
BD estly,

—J, Lockie Wilson, 30 00} with the moving of a gun. . She rosequfekly and, *till. tearful cf | ana—” 2 . 1
ie aa “Yesterday we were taking a gun | the lunutic’s proximity, sie deciied ‘to a Pub Aine ald not hear him, for she'll SPECIAL---Brick Cottage for Sale.

95 00 through 2 bad place,” he writes, | spej@the day onthe lake. So hastilis | had just spled the old mall Carries rid- Phoso 97 AMHERSTBURG
‘ 00} There wis about twenty feet of wr- | packing o lunch and tal ing by and in another moment Anne 2
oO | ter, and after the gun was across I | hook, she went down to the boathous=:, | was pouring out her tale. “Oh, Mr,
still had the brake rope on my side, | Wumnilng a little tune, slic 6pened thie | Johnson, I've got the Tie ey amid

 

      
    

 

 

 

 

 

a

 

 

 

      

 
 

 

   

  
 
 
 
  
  

     

 

 
  

  

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

   

 

  
  

 

   
   

 

   
  
  

   
 

 

 

         
 
   
         
     
   
   
  
  
  
    
  

     
   
   
   
    

   

 

 

   

 

  
   
    
   
  

             

          
  
 
  
  

 

 
 

    
  
     
 

 

 

 

 

 

| a aan ——
= | : § 1493 79) 80 1 eave itm swing and bung it nicely } door, and then her heart ‘skipped # /the > ” RU Median Ac TILT TT | a
For 35, years, one of Detroit's acr| ¥ ASSETS, mete | over the’ gun out of the water and | peat or two, for there, lying full lengtih eee a pa ea anaemic ee . m
kmowledged leaders among school) srajqen grant. 1918......--- $ Go ; mud. on the floor, was a man who seemed to | «go that's what you think I ne iD
princ!pals and teachers, Miss H. Ja nC'| anderdon. grant, #18...... 50 00] “A French captain stood’ there and | be meiscps : e Sy ae > Vv
Cooper died at Harper hospital. Wed:! \iyherathurg grant, 101S.~% 100 00) sald: “That's pretty good.’ @he lunatic! And a dangerous Lunatic! ejaculated the old man. =!
nesday of last week following an oper-| pyitqings : ; 600.00 | "On, 1 am from the West, you hedunates da dangefous one ait | “Why, that's Jim Burroughs, who's we
ation for appendicitis. Mina, Cooper.) y ang ae : 2500 00! know,’ I repiled, just as if I had in- that! bought the old Fendergast place down : . Mae
who was a*preat student of education: | panty . 0.2.05. creer 100 00; tended. to threw-the rope that way He wore the conventional garb of am | in the village. The lunatic was caught z We have the material and give satisfaction. Tho, old. saying
al and sociological subjects» did much} ; ——_ | He sald he knew that plies ae that inmate of the asylum, but even in her | this morning, plumb tuckered out and | §J applies to this, ‘The proof of the pudding is in the enting.”
fn the years she served ae teaches and} $ 3400 00) i, ie ii fine place. I never let on fright Anne noticed that he still Wore | In some clothes he'd evidently bor+ | 4 We have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
principal in Detroit's schools for the} BIABILITIES. angle S |, | silk socks and good lacking shoes, She | rowed.” | Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal Seaman-Kent. Polished Floor- —
advancement and,betterment of the : : that I couldn't do the same thing ldn't seeails fac weal, for til © i all Kinds of Hardwood: x =
Achool syatem dt th6 city. She wag Moriya Re sf ns ncde Mo on $ 600 00} again, and not one ssked me to try, couldn't seq ace.very well, for thie Anne stared, then she flushed to the yy ee Re ‘ardwood. ee UP
especially active In the bringing about | Account outstanding + ~3. 40.) so everything went along -without/ar EEA Oat were striking it wnd left It In | roots of her halr. “Oh, please try to We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and -all “4
of a system in Detroit whereby the | Defldlt sc... ta oe 192 19} cument/dr explanation.” 2 seml-darkness, By this me Anne was | forgive me. I didn't know-and I tried | kinds of Moulding required in building a~houge.~, 9, % ;
brighter pupil might be advancd by | Resources -----.+2-++"wss 2604 41 F- ‘ trembling all over. What should st to belleve you weren't the lunatic, hone |} Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and: will ~ | ; =
specin] promotion, and not retarde ~~, ee 3 do? -~ i : estly I didybut—” He be pleased to give an estimate ér price on any kind of work, Jarge : 4
by being kept-with his class, Irrespect- 8 3400 90 Haireuts Coming High. Just then she spléd- thé old rifiic “Don't worry,” replied the erstwhile ‘or smal 4 : :
_fve of bis ability, and it was she who| Moved by. Messrs. Pettypiece and It begins torlook 2st the mifrried hanging‘on the wall ynd, without know» | lunatic. “I really didn't mind being . pee Save Bee :
first started the -’soupe kitchen” for Waters, that the reports be adopted.— |'man will huve fo get his wife to. mow | 4), ww Rairenthed’ ov 1 picked a 2 {a
poor children in Detroft. She attend- ad. the grass on his dome-or lenra to cut ng Why, she reached over*and picked! | prisoner, under the circumstances, :
» ed Haryard and Collimbia universities Several .Directass reported on the} pis own hairy For the 0-tent ha r & uD. fs axhus comforted, Auné questioned: HARROW, 4
® and while abroad \studied=at Oxford work of the past year and made-sug-} jigs appeared on the barbersshop hork Gut her act awpkened the sleeping | “Wouldn't you Ike to come out some ‘ ONT 5 E
university. oe gestions for the year to come;-at the n. The Master Bathers’. association man and) Anne f¢it her-heart slip— | day and get acquainted with me, minus
——————S s conclusion of which itwas moved by i a rie Hb a a ye see slip until It seemfd to settle down im | the gun?”
E. &B. JOHNSTON DIES. Stafford Brush and~Fred. Rettypiece, { ai a4 el ac ff 1a mot eaaent ig her heels.~-For the man, with a daze! Jim, Burroughs thought that he
orton that SRST E of tho -“Directorg: 1s aa ‘bait the ba Mines aoltiicy have Mook in his eyes, \sprangpp and was, |] would, but at present-he thought it ad-
8 **After an iliness.of-a week, B. P. R. tad eee I igine Erne eae Sled eA MMe Oe for the purposé of | #bout to rush out When he was Halson) | visable to shed the garments so kindly
eee ~ C. mending ce Lave the Falk a3 Drepmratory with y + bodkiiie hs i fa Hateent to 50°] DY Anne's rathot tremulous calli, | (2) left him by. his assailant, and: so 4
yor WoInaniny SO EpHGoN Ot tat sports, and. hold the sports and-show | gonts, ‘Ther use, of course, | “Hasds up!” by | with a gay smile and a promise to ae . te
week at bis home, 64 Bernard avenue, |PPOPer onthe: second day.—Carried. It Is the war. Many barberg*haye been ‘Anne, who had nevengcen a lunati-] come agaln he drove off with the mall . ie : 7a 5 = i
Toronto.* Sir. Johnston was forced Re-Field Crop: Gompetition, it was] taion py the ditfh jg-the Assertion of before, much less captured oyg, dliil| carrier. toad ,
» through failing health to leave his moved by Gordon Dengau: seconded | o.. innstor wielders-6f the shears and not know whether he would Pampre- The next day he made good his prom- f P *
| Fork, The immediate cause of death | bg Walter Botsford, that this Soclety | yon. and dtaln dificult to get expert | hend the term, but spparently he didi, | Ise, and soon Anne's dream was 66 ' 99
ia given as a stroke, He was 68 years enter the Standing Field Crop Come) ae oy te "| for slowly withdrawing a stép or twa), | fulfilled, for they nie they formed a 4
2 . = petition in corn and oats, the entrande hats t shavers to fll thels : = ‘
i pd. Rue late Mr. Johnston wes heady fee to.be $1 for both crops.—Carried. | places. . Also the tips havg fallen off, he raised bis bands: mntual 2oHdness». the oameds the ?
a ~~ = ee ae de Gel ieee Ges Moved by Fred. Pettyplece, second) se the bosses are confronted with the ‘The lunatic was'tall and well promor- | Woods, they rowed on the Take, and a8 7
ca g his Rea Peis with ‘the aiageee which |e by Thos? Waters, that this Socfot¥ | possibility, of paying gher wages to tioned. He bad light, wavy hair wintcn | all good stories should end—they mare ; BR
>> attende dhis efforts as a crown. coun? employ Departmental judges for} counteract the loss of tips, thus play- | Was now sadly’ disarranged, his: ‘eyes ried and lived happily ever afters. fi : . —_——— :
ge] in-several important murder trials HOrACS. Mae Sheep; Hogs, Ladies’ | ing the goad old game: of- “passing it [were deep blue, and as they rerummded | yt oe
and Jater as defense counse) in the] 'stovaq ea : arrie® tonal 1 | on toutherronsumer.”—New York Sun, | Anne's frightened faée behind the ugly Mystery Explained. ; , i R ia | Oo?n rey SO /
Clara Ford, Sifton, and other criminal} py ttyptace ae 3 i siharenos Gor eas rifle, they lighted up appreciativelly. “What's become of your old friend % ‘ ie ‘
es, ator FE ee Dao Mallend don Deneau and A. W. Marsh be a His Cread Pan No Wash Basin. too oN Junatte oy ery the sea serpent?” asked a vacationer ‘Wh legalt : ee : :
Seer eer eT Teste Rost Gov- special committed’ to revise the prize] ‘Thejanly pan ih the. camp of forest} Ukeable young man and a wave (of pity at the beach. “Has he been frightened olesale Dealers in Grain and Sceds.
ernment in the Gamey’ chatges, and Mat,— arried. iva dighters on North river and the re- owept over her as vhe thought of Lis | off by the submarines?” : HA ce
for tha defence in the Foster-MacDon- SR wore read and filed. ‘al of the Cook éf the cimp to allow affliction.” Possibly he was fhsame only “Guess not,” returned the hotel man- RROW, a ONT ARIO. ‘
! ald libel sult. His last case was the}, fll Geato? een Pia algeted the pon to begused as awash basin atIntervals, and this might be one of.Joger. “I rather think he’s sore over nt f ee a +
,Government ‘shell investigation of] w Gq: anderson; Tat Wier Pood. eturted the trouble which resulted in_| bls rational periods. Fervently lheping | our treatment of him. Last’ time”he | = os as Se: ae +
as ? Bars shee her.surmisg was correct Anne told him | was here we chased him off the const. me ty “W

 

1916. The late Mr. Jolinston was a the disetinrge of part of the’cyew, who

strong Liberal, and indorsed the, policy
of Sir Wilfrid Laurier during the last
federal campaign. ' He bad been con-
Jemected with several banks and finan-

    
  

Pattypliece; ~2ntl Vice-Pres., Gordon

Deneau; Directors, Malden—f, A. Pat- ik back to civilization | to-sit down, which he did. lnqui Mis ieclerlerlorseslosfondeslooleoleolaoleoleotettostvalosfeslectecloctecte erlorfoofeofofoofoofeofoafoofocfeofors 4 Joofosk

ton, A. P. Meloche and Stafford Brush, }many a Wenry - to enjoy the Juxury | “To what mustel be gratefull for ihe | sign the pledge that he was killing | of

2.
t
‘Anderdon—T. W. Taylor, Henry Yol| of a bathtub and restaurant meals, pleasure of your company? _ {our bar business."—Boston Evening | + All A
Jans and Wm. Thrasher: Amberst-| says & Seattle (Wash. dispatch to Anne did not reply, but #shlfied rhe | Transcript. = rs REAL ESTATE & INSURANCE 3
) , 2 ‘

were forced (0% You see, he caused so. many men to

 
   

       

    

     
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
    

  

 

      
   

 

 

    
   

 

  
  
 
 
    
    
      
 
  
  
   
 

    
 
           
     
   
 
  
   

  

  

cial corporations during th ast few , z =
yeurs. Ree ae ae ee T. Wilkinson, {°P. E. Lar-) stiiwaukee bree Press, rifle to a more menacing pwaltion, and - ote
ape S| ps ami cditorie SCH, M. ‘Taylor Pa Peel ae de’reed that the pan orust | thonght, “If only I can bold hinnter Far From the Farm. * ‘
NEW INDUSTRY REALLY. OLD. |G, Atkinson. ee as . H.-J} 94 peed for bread-making purposes | uit{lesome one goes’ by amd come to- An Iowa boy on board a transport ie Tam openin . ive .
: - ws - On me af Gordon Deneau and Only, Be objected, as did the foreman, help me.” What should sthe do Jf he }was lylig in his bunk, when a friend ole z 6 a office on Dalhousie St, Amherstburg, nthe ay
To inost persons the spinning @hd| Charles Atkinson, a hearty vote of | ' the combinntion use of the pan, Or- | Leenme violent? Anne did mat know.| who bad been up on deck, ruabed te BANK OF COMMERCE \BUILD .
: eee es el eeemied to Pe thanks-was tendered ~ the- retiring | 4°78 were Issued that all fire fighters.|. ‘The Tunatie, seatet-on a lww box on | down and sald: fe. at “| ING
outgrowth 0} e® necessities o 81 President, Mr. McGregor, for the ef-| coaid Inve their soiled eountenances | the floor, still looked somewnat inyatls “Ned, come wu ick. , and {will Conduct a G .
war. But it appears, thiit twenty] ficient and courteous way in which he| i, 1 nearby creel. fed. und sald to Anne, “WO yowlundly | great flock of pe es eter cat of a i eneral ae Estate and Insurance Business*
Pccipings. earings at! Caden Serer hag hand ge thé affairs of the Society Now the cook nan supreme control | tell me why I um being kept prixoner. | the ship.” > £ . : ere, 4 =
“spun dnto yarn by the Sandringham) Meeting Be rence. nek and sopervision of the pan for bread- | tere? Not that I object with you as | “O, gwan,” answered the homesick * 630 Feet Choic Rh — : +e
v making ouly. Jailer, but—" y 5 farmer, “who cares about birds? I'd e River Front for Sale. Fine Property. *
= a

Willage Industry and the Princess her-
self knitted the wool into a brown
rr” hawl for herself. It was at Sandring-

> ham aleo that the first Borzoi wool was
gpun, King Edward making the sug-
go8 and clipping the firdt sample
oad his famous Borzoi Alex for the

t.

Anne blushed. for ft Is very embar- rather gee a flock of corn cribs than

 

   

  
   

Cold Mining Clasced as Essential. | rassing to recelve compliments frowa | anything else just now.” The'patronage of the district is solicited,

2 Gold mining has been Isted_ags an | man you are holding prisoger, cycn Gem, REE om a Ly |
easential industry, the war Industries | (f he ts a lunatic. . gs No Comparison. —
* pourd unnounced on July 19, and all At QOrst she decided not to answer} “Til tell you, doctor,” sald pro-

reasonable ypriority of material and } ‘Sim at all. but fearing that her silence | epective victim with a note cold

? yO ; supplies used in-gold production will |. vould irritate him, she concluded thut | feet in hin voice, “I am getting a little > 4 segs
‘ We i be given, The action was taken on J sue had hetter answer lis questions, | eary about my operation. What if I Sonkerbodonbooboonfenfesfelsefocteclecocloaleolecfeaterlocesfeefeee
4 3 4 request of the treasury, department. “Didn't you hear the nalees of a Aeht h ‘
: ‘he decision was Interpreted by an } yore last night?” he askefl. Be © “Oh, nonsénse,” exclaimed Doc, in -

don't pyll through it?” _

rT} i H official of the priorities. committee to | Aline trembled, for she thought kee} pis hearty, reassuring -

; Frult- -fives”- Point the Way menn that every possible assistance had ottucked some one and thatthe | have you to lése in Saran he

{0 Quick Relief nine would be given the gold mines in ob- | thorzhts of it would work him ap, ‘|me? If you die you won't kn ee)

VX mining noevesaary materiale —Eingi- |. “Why. y-yer, 1 did," she admitted, | but think what it will Gawd repata:?
_ VetowA, Ont. neerlug and Mining Journah ee v

a 'ssan, trying to clunge the subiget, she | tion.”
Even the hair of Perstan| “1 Suffered for a nuniber of years Sallatige ie the value o =| es
5 spun into the loveliest | with Rheumatism and ‘severe Pains New dulldiigs to the value of $636,- Se

| been rat 7
the British Dogs’ Wool Asso- i * caused 615 were erect 4 in Fort William-dur-| jl the Canadian divisions are back
re wire-hillred ht hava . stad Ps Ai by ing the year 1918. ; ‘| from Germany ané are in Belgium, Ot-
nselves real workers, ys La » Neil McDoneld, 2 young farmer of | tawa {5 informed. wake cnt: >

their combings fe ident) . Whent had given up hope ofever | priceville, near Flesuerton, was found During the past ten days many far- | reeve in Canadas. f
i for wounded limbs, | being well again, a friend recom- | dead, his throat cut with a razor, the | mers in the Tilsonburg di t have | The Megantic arrived at. Hulifax

prospect that the) mended ‘Fruita-tives’ to me and | only reason that can be anal if efr sugar Dui or | with Canadian soldiers and soldiers
ool can ibe) after using th first hox I felt so | !9g despondency. toflome int y alts pees
that I continued to | wheat crop of teen Canada has|a farm near Cornel the trees near the | Pig

Fat gio g {been moved out of tho’ country, and, boiling shanty were tapp
health, thanks to, your [the Eustern Canadian transfer clovat- ty gallons
5 : = e

,

  
    
 
 

. GEORGE GOTT,

AMHERSTBURG, ONT. ~

 
    
   
   
 

 

   

 
      
    
    

Twenty years before that the hair of
St, Bernards were knitted into mit-
"tens and mufflers and ten years earlier
odles’ vyool was spun and. woven
} cloth that is.to-day as good as
m first madé up although the cap
is been worn ever since. A walst-}*
¢ knitted from the wool of skye ter-
ars his nm worn constantly for
ters and shows no sign of its

  

  

   

 

    
      
    
  

| WE HAVE INSTOCK

__ SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BO.
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR

      
    
  

 

   
  
  
     

     
  
  
  
     
   
       

    
  
  

   
    
      
    
    
  
 
 
   
  

  
 
    
   
   

  
   
 

 

 

Sg

~ Garrick township, Bi

 

 

 

     
   

     
   
  
 
   

ruce county,
claims new clifef magistrate Joseph
Montag, of Carirthe, is he Bolmmoes

“fs

    
     

  

   
 
    
    
 
   

      
  
 

  
   
   

 

twen
6 head of the lakes are choked } bet Dw
[fin with, American “wheat, making it Beat per

= }yery doubtful when the Canadian
 
 
    

  
   
  

/ February 7th

ae Le
—"

Women’s
- Shoes of
Calfskin
“Neolin Sole”

   
  

~ ue

For early fall wear these Calf Skin Shpes of dark
Mahogany and Black Calfskin are unusually smart
Several styles in this showing for selection.

The shoe illustrated is one of the “EUREKA SHOE CO.”

make of dark mahogany color, Boston welted $ 5 $5
soles, new 14 sport heel, specially priced this week .

of

oe

a

%

Women’s Golden Brown and Chocolate Kid
laced, 8-inch. tops, same style and pattern, but
not welted soles, at ...-----. 0.00... cccseeteeeceeee <--+-7.00-the pair

 

We carry a great many Styles in combination lasts, that is

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
   
  

 

 

WM shoes with narrow heel measurements and broader fore part, .
possibly you need just this last. me 4S
$7.00 .- $8.00 - $10.00 :
All widths—from A to E. *
3 os
WILKINSON'S BOOT SHOP :
Near the Old International Hotel. a
Ouellette Avenue, Windsor. S
ics MAKE THIS YOU BOOT: SHOP :
neocon ederesleclnteclnteclonlecesfsferlonteoonteontnteoontoonfotoeboteoafeforlefosonde
in the right direction when you come here for
AUTOMOBILE. TIRE
VULCANIZING. °
; Our careful work merits your appreciation and patronage
4 TRY US next time you liave a puncture or cut.

Prompt service a specialty.
UP-TO-DATE TIRE. REPAIR SHOP
RB. MeMORROW, Manager.”

BB 41 Pitt St,E. Windsor. Phone 3961
: — , _
See Fy ape eer: x
: Builders can depehd.ga-us in good ‘times and bad times t
to have on hand all their requirements, such as fe
~ CEMENT, 7
HARDWALL PLASTER, — +
MEBRICK,LIME, FIRE BRICK,&c :
hear : “JUST OUT” at the
. ol Reliable Builders’ Supply House z
I CARADOC POTATOES :
Hy Wrote warehouse is full of this Choice Potato.
ee : - Place your “orders.
% = q
W. W. GIBB
. | ilders’ Supplies, Grain, Seeds, Feed, &c. - $}
cane mia Amherstburg -

 

HE ENERGY FUUD © |, oom

he Vim and Vitality One Gets

Booth Tarkington tells of an old col-
ored man who appeared as @ witness
before one of our committees. In the
course of the examination these ques:

 

        
   

    
 
  

Fram Oats tions were put to the man; “What fb
‘ our name?” “Calhoun Clay, sah.”
ere is something in oata which creates Xeon you. ign_your name?” “Sah?

    
   
  

t and cnergy. No other grain can bring
te like thems Everyone knows whos
do for horses. ‘They bave the same
on man, 3 es
extract of oats is employed a8 a tonic. |
et of oats multiplies one's vitality.
3 why enozgetio men—men of vim
Pirit—are aia to {eel their oats."”

Other Oats the finest oate-—Canadiat
are subjected to 62 sittings, “Just

‘ it can write your name.”
Wells -no, ast Ab nebbér writes ma
name. Ah dictates it, sah :
Oy | 5 a
TECHNICAL SCHOOL INSPECTOR.

Principal F. P. Gavin, of the Wind-

  
    
  
 

  
 

 

     
 

     

 

  
    

Thursday night at a special meeting

ich, piu insaro used, ‘There is Bducation that he had : 4 |
ten pound eT guater Oat ia ee Sete by Dr. H. J; Cody, Min~ | be provided for pre at ome sen oN
ese grains beve tho maximum cf rich-| ister of Education for Ontario. to or-| Belgian Bulletin, — eka ee
band cnerg;. ‘Nhoy are also the most and inspect. technical night} aS ey, wi ‘

lous, ‘To ent Quaker Oats once o day ||
month will § SE aes
F cilects, what babblin ality om
get from oatmeal. One never knows
boo! out food is, or whut it cd do, uns
P tries Quaker Gate, 5

    

erlete

O

sp

sector

 
 
  

sor Collegiate Institute, announced on

   
   

 

oo ebeebetoded ob bbebeebebetetutedotototedosbobsbbs | T0

Sic i Ya 2 Ss SS

 
   
   
    
 
   
 

tee —

PROTECT

 

Which There Is Record.

 

Papyrus on Which the Desires of Utah
Were Recorded Has Recently Been
Discovered in a Good State

of Preservation,
°

Utah, the Egyptian, looked out
from beneath his shaggy eyebrows
across the Nile, where the eternal
| Pyramids shimmered in the heat
against the cloudless aky.° Gods of
Egypt! How dim were those “piles of
Stone! In the bright light of the sun
god, Ra, he should bnve seen those
man-made mountains clearly, *

Shades of his-ancestors! His eyes
were dimming fast! He was’ getting
old—very old, so he suddenly realized.
He looked into the basin of the foun-
tain In the courtyard. The image re-
flected made him conscious, for the
first time, of his swiftly approaching
end. He sank down upon the foun-
taln’s rim and mused upon the short-
ness of life, its "varying fortunes and
the prospects af the future Mfe—anc-
cording to2tle beliefs-of himself and
his fathers,

Ah, well, he was rendy to dle. He
didnot fear after death to take the
Journey with the sun god, Ra, in the

sont of a Million Years to the Ficids
of Peace, No, by Amen, the godof
Thebes! Had not Utah led a good
life?

Yes, he had alwnys been just, mer-
ciful and kind to his servants and his
household. They had Incked nothing
while he Hved, nor had bis wife, Shef*
tu, the daughter of Sat Sepdu; =

But, after he was gone—ah, Phara-
oh, the great one who gives life to his.
people—would his memory be euff-
cient to keep her from want or mis-
treatment? Would she ever be set out
of the grent stone house os the wid-
ows of others had been in the past?

A chill, sharper evén than the chill
of old age, shook him._ It was the chill
of feur for his beloved.

Then 2 bappy thought warmed his
veins agnin,

The people of his household and his
city ever had listened and obeyed his
spoken and written word during his.
life. His words by voice or writing
were considered nuthority and whole-
somely respected, Doubtless, then,
would his written wordy be followed
when he was In thg Fields of Peace.
Strange, neither he nor anyone else
had thought of such no: thing before,

So with reeds, fluid and papyrus he
wrote in’ beautiful picture writing:

That happened more than 1,500
years ngo.. However, the papyrus has
kept In a good state of preservation
ill those centuries and was recently
dlsecovered by excavators. Translated,
it proved t6 be the will or legacy of
Utah, allowing his wife, “Sheftu,
daughter of Sat Sypdu of Gesab,” four
Enstern slaves and “the right to,dwell
fn my house without allowing Her to
be put forth on the ground by any per
son.”

The “will” {g considered b
tles to be the first ever draw

uthori-

 

Buttons and the War.
Buttons are not generally regarded
as one of the great articles of com-
meree, yet a report issued by- the fed-

emt tariff commission presents some

astonishing figures regarding the mag-
nitude of the button {industry and the

capital invested therein. 7%

There are more thon 600 button-
nnufacturing establishments fh this
country, representing a capital of ap-
proximately $20,000,000 and_an annual
payroll of $8,000,000, The uannunl
value of the products is more than
$20,000,000. New York has almost half
the factories, but the middle West sup-

‘i plies most ef the fresh-water pearl.

The war bas put up the price of but-
tons, owing to the hdvance in the cost
of metals used in button manufacture,
and the increased price of celluloid
sheets and all sulisidiary raw materl=>
als, such os dyes, chalk, acids and can-
vagy It is interesting to learn that the
war has stimulated the busincss in
this country and ‘hos led to the manu-
facture of glass buttons, which former-
ly- were imported—another instance gf
beating Germiny at.{ts own game.

 

She Saves Fuel.

A little old woman, wearing a wool-
en dress, a black silk jacket and a
little round hat, entered a surface car,
at a transfer station yesterday, her
arms so filledewlth a grent bundle of
rumpled newspapers that she could
oarely keep her balance.

“We've got to conserve,” she sald
cheerfully to another woman who held
a seat for her, as she tambled into a -
seat, mnking n dive at the same time
for an evening paper that some one
had left lying there. “Is this yours?
No? .Well, the government-snys we've
got to snve paper,” she Continued, as

.she added this Inst one to her already

    

big package; “and Tl tell yop it saves
a lot of wood when I make my coffee
in the morning."—New York Times

 

Model Village In Belgiure :
At the initiative of M. F. Malfat, dl-
rector of the architectural works of
the city of Brussels, specialists are
rtudying at present a project looking
toward the creation, on the boundary
of Great Brussels, of a large village
for workmen which will be, as far as
the authorities permit, annexed to
Brussels-clty. It will be a garden city,
conceived after the most ‘Fecent es-
thetle ideas of cities ahd

 

AREAL LIVE CANON.
al — - a

 

tel

D. Willi
during t

men

  
 
 

  
  

   
  
   
    
      
  
    
    
     
  
 
 
  
 
  
 

especially |

Widow

Egyptian Wrote First Will of

“OP MUSKOKA WAY.”

District In Ontario.

Muokoka as a farming district may
be described as a section specinily
faywed as regardny climate, the year
being divided into diatinctly marked
summer 1nd winter weather; the
former no Joubt of shorter duration
than in mere southorn districts, but
ideal for (he productton of grain,
hay ond yet crops, and not to bo
excelled 4vv potatoes elsewhere in
America, A8 regards the soll of tho
district, taere 18 considerable yaricty,
though  olwy-loam predominates,
the lum\iS having-been supplied by
the decoMposition of many fenera-
tions of fine timber of which only
the moat Tecent crops have hoon re-
moved py the Jumberman, I[t cannot
be denje) that the frequent outcrop
of roche itvoughout the district goes
1o discoufiBe the nettler, whose ion
of a satjatnetory farm js bullt up on
tie antjulpni{on of boundless acres

  

  

 

 

of grain such as obtain on the prai-
ries,

bul if mixed farming tf5 his ¢
yrpit opportunities for 1
nied in the relativel,
£ , 31111 existing in many
of Muskoka,

The few beginner at farming in
this district hus exceptional opp
tunities for turning his firet year's
work in{© cash by growing vegetables
for sale to the big summer popula-
tion of the lakes, and the same mar-
ket opportunity dsists for small
fruits, which yield a plentiful crop
of superior quality. The market for
live sto¢k Is not far removed cithor,
Toronto being within 150 miles of «
great proportion of the area, and
closely eonnected=by good (
freight service, Another
is preset in the generous
wood for fuel, a matter of
portance in these days of cc
age, Sfcep-raising has be
2% success by many farmers
district already, and thero is oy
portunity for a great expan n of
this industry, the name of Nushkoka
mutton being famous and ensuring
a price at least equal to the product
in this lime from any other part of
Canada.

rb

 

3
cheap
parts

    

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
   

 

   

 

  

 

 

 

Power on the Farm.

The claims made for the

tractor as o helpeto the farnic

usually with refgrence to the | Cas

ed acreage ingen be brought unde
cultivation the use of th

chine, and too little notice is
of the possibilities.that the tra

  

   

 

 

Ctoy

dholds owt for the man who is.chicfly
1"

interested in intensive farming.
benefits to be derived from do
ploughing, subsoiling and /drainir
land with tile — undentnKings the
can be carried’ out with the hel; [
#n tractor when other forms of pow
available would not be sufficient—
are not brought Into suMelent prom-
Inence, and as a result the purchases
of a tractor is only considered,
most cases, by such farmers j
a large aren of land availatic
eitivation;

It has. been well for anode and
for the other Alied= nations, that
this country has been able to provi:
sufficient acreare of hitherto jidlo
land to allow of incrensed production
under the conditions imposed by Urs
war, and it {fs largely owlng to [ne
increased use of the tractar that the
cultivation of this increased area has
been possible, but jt must bo borne
in-mind that these reres ifust be
kept up to thelr present capdcity for
Production, or ffproved in the norr;
future, wheh the population Is sure
to increase rapidly. Further depen-
dence for food supply cannot*be plac-
ed entirely on increased acrenge even
thouglr labor supply Js: aincreasets
Bigger crofs to the acre °will hate
to be the s@jution of the food supply
problem,” nd in treating the. land
with a view yto making it; produce
moro the tractor may well be utiliza:l
on small farms. oj

Where, up to the present, one
tractor hag been used on 200,acres
for the Sifre of scratching the sur-
face-s0.25 to jiasten the much needed}
addition (5 the total wheat yield, tivo
such Machines can ‘be pul to work
within @ fow yerrs, if the same area
‘is to-prodweb’ crops such as will be
required §f jt, More tractors, used
to capacity in cultivating the soil,
will mMeah more cattle, more horscs
and More men to the acre, and the
quickéy building up of the country,
in acchrdance with the opportunities
offered hy her undeveloped Fesources.

¢

   
 

 

fy
ave

  

 

foi

  
 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 
 

Shipping‘ Apples.

According to statistics just com-
piled, |i required approximately 793
box _ahy ,631, refrigerator cats to
move the Nova Scotia apple crop;
985 refijgerator and 376 box cats for
the Béitish Columbia shipments;
while Ontario requirement® were
498 bi nnd 971 refrigerators, Cars
are noW tolling and the traffic: will
continue Gntil the end of March, so
that thére! will be a continuous de-
mand for refrigerator equipment
throughvit that period. Nova Scotia
requires oyer 1,100, cars to move to
points 1 Quebec, Ontario and west
of the lixes, British Columbia ap-
proximate, 1.075 cara to the prai-
ries and Ghtario, while Ontariolp car
demands “wt be about equally’ dl-
vided. }éiween local points and points
Weat of Port Arthur. It has already,
beGh pointed owt by the “Canadian
Rajivay War Board’ that. there will
be a serious car shortage for the
fall navement ofsfrelgb. so. that
fruit ‘shiners will readily sea the
necessit» ait advantage of loading
available cary as heavily as willoper-
mit transhoration. without: damage.
A car savy typ car gained.

Truck ind Community Brecding,

* A tow
{Years ago when the half-
intangy! in a famous Holstein bult
Tight a price that was then rated
08 sensational, arrangements were
me to carry-him back and forth,
nit truck between the two farms
las lopiniimed his: services, The de-
Nreenlan intérest in community
receding may be considerably ad-

vanced ae adoption of the plan

 
   
     
  
   
  
  
   
  

    
  
  

 

      
   
  

    
    
  
    
   
   
  
 

  

>@ sire of valued blood }
? oes ina emg

MOU! of timo to get-ad- | market some. |

method of iniliking.

*moved as the’ heads aro cit,

    
  
   
    
  
  

.for no other purpose.

during periods of food shortage,
week in winter,

for human food:

} | Wash Milk Pails Thoroughly.

washing the milk pails. These should
be

wate!
possibi

othe | Where one has‘a number of cows

BROOM CORN.

 

sone Facts About a Good Farming | Some Facts About a Rather Un. |

familiny Plant.

The value of the brush of broom
corn depends tJargely upon the’ stage
of maturity when harvested, If the
brush {fs harvested when too young
the fiber is weak at the base of the
head, and when harvesting is delayed
until the brush is overripe the fibre
becomes hard and brittle. Good ser-
vieo cannot ‘be expected from brooms
made of such brush. ee)

The brush should be harvested
when It has-weached the stage where
the matural green color extends from
the tip of the fibre to the base and
centre of the hend. This usually oc-
curs from the time when the nowers
are falling to'the time the seed is
In the milk or thin-dough stage.
Brush harvestéd in this stago and
properly cured, without being dan-
aged by the sun or wet wenther, !s
tough and flexiblo and of-the best

quality.
If a seed crop Is desired the brush
ip not harvested until the: seed is

fully mature, The value of ripe brush

depends largely upon the climatic

conditions previous to harvest and

the care given the brush after the
,

   

a) Standard Broom Gorn.

seed is removed. If seed brush 1s
not discolored by wet weather, but
has the natural yellow color of ma-
ture brush, jt commands about half
the price of good brush if cared for
in the’same way.

Standitrd broom corn and dwarf
broom corn are harvested in different
ways. The standard js bent over ov
tabled and the brush cut off; the
dwarf is jerkatl!’ or.pulled from the
dpright stalk.

The standard varieties are so tall
that the stalks have to be bent over
to bring, the brush within reach, This
process ‘is called tabling, The tabler
walks betweenitwo rows, bending or
breaking the stalks over, three or
four feet from the ground. The
stalks of the left-hand row are bent
to the right and those of the right-
hand row to the left. This crosses
the stalks of these rows, so that a
sort. of table is. formed: behind the
tabler, the brush projecting across
ihe, table into the spaces between
this pair of rows and the next row
on either side. :

The brush is harvested by walking
in the space between the tebles and
cutting the heads from the stalks’
with i Pee ‘ora knife with “a
short, de: blade madé& tspecially
for that, purpose, The stalk should
be cut so as to leave about six
inches of stem with the brush. All
leaf sheaths, or boots, should be re-
The
knife should be held firmly with the
cutting edge pointing at 4n angle
from the ‘body. If the head fs then
grasped with the other hand and the
stalk pulled “guinst the. knife, in-
stead of forcing the knife against the
stalk, the stem of the brush wil, us-
ually slip out of thé boot as it Is
beingcut from_the stalk, As the heads
are cut they> are laid

 

   

on the table. ‘The brush-should be|mensheld him up at 3 o'clock Phursday

houled to the curing shed and
threshed the same day it is harvested,

or,at any’ rate not later than the | amounting to $70.
police héadquarters for invest

but later was released?

following day.
Dairy Notes.

heat of the day in summenm

A good dairyman does not keep
cows; he makes his cows keep him,

Diarrhoea is the most commorr
form of calf- troubles met with in
hand-raised calves.

All good dairy cows should be giv-
en a name and every cow should
know her name.

  

The pails used in feeding calves pr

must be kept strictly clean and used | pensions, They feel that the granting
of these by the Government \ would
solve many of the social and health
problems, which seem so‘difficult as

The need of this country is not so
much niore cows as it is better cows,,
more properly fed and cared for.

Milk and milk products should be | children, neglected

more widely used on nll our.farms +

‘Cream spoils when {ft gets- warm.

Much skim milk which formerly

   
  
 

 

— 4
Cleanliness Prevents Disease, ©

Nearly all calf disorders are caus-

    
      
    
 

Great core should be taken in

  
   

oroughly scalded with ‘boiling
‘or storilized with steam if

    
  
  
 
 
    

  
  

ra) ef ~:

 

_ Must Have Refrigerator.

} duiry’ products to
ind 6f- refrigeration:

oe:

jot her p

‘fered by Trustee T, C. Ray and Judge

in. handfuls Ported to police Thursday ‘that two Filty yours ago,

over the contents of the cash register.

a,
Cows must have shade during the Wilson:
sult against Wililam F. Nantais and
son, James Nantajs, 44 Grant street,
Windsor, for $500. Walters alleges he|
suffered serious
/when an automobije driven by George
+Nantais ran him down at Wyandotte
street and Pierre avenue,

| the sittation stands: to-day. Small
} é both, physically
and morally, play on the streets,

while their mothers must toll for the}
dally bread to put In thefr mouths.
Market .or ship cream three times’a | Of cotrso, thére are children’s homes,
week inWhot weather and twice a }and some person is always agitating
for day nurseries or baby gardens or
something of that nature, but who is},
went to the feeding of caives, pigs | more fitted to Jook after thesé children
and chickens must now’ be ,utilized | than their own mother, if she is given

" the opportunity to do so? The com-
munity should see that the Young wo-
men have received a proper training
in home-making before they become
éd either directly or indfrectly by lack | Mothers, and that if providence re-
of cleanliness, nnd clean conditions | Moves ¢
constitute the beat preventive of din-
ease inthe calf herd, .

era should be. givne ao pénsion until
their children are able to take care
of themselves,
pensions have heen established, the}
expense has been found to be less
than that required for. the upkeep of
institutions for children, 2

held by the Lion Brewing Company of
Kitchener, was ‘ordered cancelled by
Magistrate
selling liquor- contain
cent. alcohol. :

ci, Which turned out to be a cripple
» | on four wheols rather than a pleasure

- | vehicle. He was describing some of
the patient’s symptoms to a frien:
}take it, then, that she rattles
deal when
“em the owner of the car. —
ox Fis skeleton having the

   
 

  
   
   

 
  
  

    
 
 

  

=

e

eatest Name In Goody-Land

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
     

A

   

realm of child-

hood dreams
~ is a land.of
sweets.

 
  

  
   
   
  

Make ‘some. of
those dreams
a delightful
reality by
taking home

 
    
 
  
 

   
   

7

ANIA

WRIGLEYS

Be frequently,

E> How about

tonight 2
SEALED TIGHT.

KEPT RIGHT

  
 

|
|

     
      

      
   
   
   
     
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
   

 

   

   
  

  

 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
   
  

ALIENS ARE LEAVING.

The agitation against enemy aliens,
which {s steadily grownig, though
there is yet no. sign of force -being
used, {s working on the nerves of the
2 foreign class in Brantford. - It {s stat- (
years old, ed that there 1s now only one Turk
left in the town; forty liave left hur-
riedly the past fow days. They are
mostly headed’ for the United States;
A banker states that nearly all the
foreigners of this class have ‘with-
drawn all their funds from the banks
and are carrying from two toifive
thousand dollars each in’ thein-belts,
fearing that they may be force to
leave at 2 moment's notice. The: de-
portation of enemy allens was unaai-
mously faypred by the Brant County ‘
Council following the declaration -of
the. Warden that- they. should take
sOme action against thosé who had»,
proved -despollers of the world. Day-
light saving was condemned. +

ee . ——— .
A PRIEST FOR 51 YEARS.

WINDSOR.

Bank clearings at Windsor Yor the
week ending Thursday totalled 1,242,-
498, on imcrease of $160,491, compared
to the previous week’

Miss Annio- Parent, 26
died ‘Th afternoon at the home

Mr. and Mrs. Edmund
Parent, Tecumsel Death was due!
to heart diseange. Burial was made
Saturday morning in St. Anne’s’ ceme-
tery, Tecumseh. g

To give citizens of Windsor and the
neighboring municipalities an idea of
what may be expected, in the way of
educhtlonale reforms, the « Windsor
Zoard of Education will invite the
Honorable Dr. .H. J. Cody, Minister of,
Bducation for Ontario, to address two)
public meetings at, Windsor,* #ome
tinte in April. :

* Windsor Board of Bdtication deaided
Thursady night 40 engage a superin-
tendent-of schodis on. a resolution: of-

 

 

y

  
   

    
 
      
     
   
      
        
   
 

  
 
 
        
  
   
      
 

   
      
 
 

     

 

J..O, Dromgote, representative of thé
eparate»Schoo!l Board. ~The property#
committee was given power to’ draw
up regulations covering the duties’ of
the superintendent, with Instructions
to report at the next meeting of the
Board.

     

Wednesday’ the Rev. Fathor Ernest
Van Dyke,” rector ‘of St, Aloysius;’
Catholic church, Détroit, was 74 yenrs
old, On April 3rd Father Van Dyke,
will have been 51 years in the=Chuls-
tion priesthood, 48 of which hive

George Miller, night clerk at’ the been spent {n continous pastoral

BrliisiLAsneyiee ‘hotel; Ouellette ave-| Service in the parish Of St, Aloysius
nue and Sandwich street, Windsor, re-/ that he founded in down town Detroit,

when -FPather Van
Dyke took “possession of the little
116-year-old house by the side of the
church on Washington boulevard,
where he has dived since, the: north-
ern extremity of Grand Cireus Pari
Was Open country, The population of
Detroit was about 65.000. -Fort street
wes the thoroughfare of wealth and
fashion. When Father Van Dyke first
came to his little house, there were
plum trees in front of it that had
been planiéd ‘by Major Roland, who
had’ bullt the house nearly a century
before. There was an extensive lawn
in front of the house.” Miss Emily
Mason, daughter of Stevens T, Mason,:
the first governor of Michigan, once
told Father Van Dyke that she used
to sit in a summer house on the lawn
of the house and see the boat on the
river arrive in Detroit from Buffalo
onee a month, _ eee

  
       
     
     
         
        
  
 
    
  
 

morning, and compelled him. to” hand

He-was held at
igation,

  
       
 
   
   

Acting for Sherman Walters, Pierré
Windsor, Barrister By W.
of Windsor, has commenced

        
     

personal injuries

      

 

 
    
   

 

a
—Many women of Ontarip are at the
esent time agitating’ for’ mother’s

 

   
   
 

 

 

 
 

 

 
 
  
     
   
 
 
 
   
 
  
    
 
   
   
 

 

dio every year from bronchitiy!. A
large proportion of these could be
gaved by direct treatment, but in
order to heal tho bronchial tubes
@ remedy must bo taken Which will
get there direct, Vera can. Peps
is a breatheable remedy which goes
right to the seat. of the trouble—
hence {tS wonderful success in
cases of bronchitis, 3

Dissolve a Pep in your mouth.\
The medicino contained is turned
into vapor and carried by
tho breath to the bronchial tubes.
and the minute air passages. Tho
inflamed lining is healed, the pain
ended and the cough stopped: =

Miss Mary Weston, 0 gradtato
nuree living at 457 Victor Ave.
Winnipeg, says she owes her ealth eee
to Peps. Sho. writes: “When fF. .
finished my-hosyital training I was

suffering with chronic HESS
| > trouble, and T was eed j
|. be able'to continue nursing. T

lee waa Saliy anniraly

 
 
  
    
   
  
    
     
  

bread-winner, these moth-

Wherayer mothers’

 
     

    

   
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   

  

ee
oo
The license to manufacture beer

    
   
  
  

       
   
 
  

      

‘att, of Guelph, because of
ing over 2% por

      

Johnson bought a second-hand motor

  
  
  

ie
€ | & good |
you run 7” “Rattles!” said |
‘She sounds

that :

an eure,
oem
“ft had not been

   
  
  

  
 
 

roof.”

  
  
 
 
   
   
     
    
    
     
   
      
  
        
        
  

 

~— SS

What Is It? The Biggest Boyce Sale Ever Put On In Harrow.

Opens To-morrow SATURDAY atid Continues for 10DAYS ONLY. =

| ™S- READ ALL ABOUT IT ON PAGE 10 se.
W. R. BOYGE & GO., A : -  » (Harrow,

THE ECHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF COLOHESTER SOUTH. : : a

 

 

 

 

  
  
     
      
     
     
     
   
     
   
  
 
   
   
   
   
 

     

 

     

Deb etebe beet bole tobedeode ted btebeto etek:

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
    
    
   
   
  
 
   
 

 

     
       

 

    
   

   

+ (  WATENTINEC ) , Mrs. P. L. Quick and grandson, How- : = .
‘4 To t he Town Peo pl e! r +. HARROW. $1 VALENTINES [list tices of orarvustica is tiarrow TASTELESS PREPARATION OF”
. ast wee
naka e © | William Hawkins isa vietim of In q . | Mrs, A. Ford Is spending a few days
_ William Hawkins is a: victim ‘of in- with Bien dhngiier: Mrs. ‘Forest Sel-
SATURDAY SPECIAL ! P/fraggen ovis i eve Folders Post Cards {|i saison"
= 8; } se Foste f . ; * East Harrow Improvement So-
7 tives In Detroit, a ‘ivered {0 the R
, We have just received a case of 5 : Dea. Gunningaata spent two days Comics aay “ Harkey judnternlnds patoeceh IS LIKE A STRONG HOLR, ON YOUR BODY
| ast week Jn West Lorne. wool socks, which wero knitted by the
=. - Mrs, Fred. Baltzer and son Gordon — | Society and neighborhood. . It builds. u e
5 WATT 128 VOLT = ELECTRIC LAMPS spent the week-end at Ford. THE SENTINEL STORE Miss Plorence Shay was hostess at P obs jae ee eysteay strony owe a will not
Dancing music oxtraordinary, Town a small party piven at her home on take COLD or INELUENZA.
mi makers wer2 overstocked in this one size and we GOT Hall, Amherstburg: February 11th. ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW. Thursday evening, The young friends | “4
‘ Rosebrugh, of Lansing, spent = 7 Were entertained by games, — music, |- D W ; vee
THEM AT A BARGAIN. 4 part of the week with relatives neve i een eee neeeee, fatc., and at the hour of 2 o'clock a on't ait ! Get a Bottle Now ! ¥
K=" We are passing it on to you. nae eunipe oe arcade Sey ee bbb Rebbeetbbdetrderrbtt [dainty lunch was served, and all pro-| There is no oily taste to it, but it gives wonderful 1
i : with Miss Frances Adams, Windsor. * (nounced {it a very good time, ' 1 Onderiul results,
The regular value of these Lamps is 60c. each. James Massey, of Chatham, made a a + COLCHESTER SOUTH es The Patriotic aeepe of Woodmen . a
x 4 ‘ business trip to Harrow this week. |. 4.2. ses Hall, Colchester-on-the-Lake, shipped
Saturday and Saturday 5 a heroes Corsi wall, ar Wilge: SMIGLAT RAO Man anttcen peri tee to Red Cross~ headquarters, London, E. F, DARBY, /HARROW ~
ville, ris motnar, Mrs. J » weelk-n! 546 > '
£y Cornwall Se ee eal ee nae {a {11 wit! De eed Beg ror een ried PRUSGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY “a
f = 5 O5, e w Fi s 8. 8 ad a :
Only they will be ‘ S. Mrs. Gormley, of Essex, has been|of bronchitis. se 20 Christmas boxes to boys overseas NOTARY PUBLIC
E , ae ae le daughter, Mrs." Stanley| Mr, and Mrs. Charles-Salter spent ae our coramunity, in the past year.| ~ wee Sa a = os ~-—- -
Or $1. 75 for a package of 9. ws Herdman*and Philip Wright Sunday: ve Roy eure: noe Peat athony Se ey oe oe hetero “ Teobeobosforlorforlorlnt a eelod
: ° * 4 au = Bt, Mrs. Jesse cDona is suff eve SOUSHIC , ad, mie?
rn We have only 20 packages. Itis a golden opportunity. the B. M, Co., spent-Sunday at thpft | with a proncnine ara is suffering quired tie sum of $431.85, The ae When QUALITY, FRESHNESS, “VARIETY. and REASONABLE PRICES unito
DONT MISS IT! Ro papars Mrs.-Bert Sellpns, of Leamington, 1s ponditures were $383.69, leaving a bal- - the inovitablo result is GENERAL SATISFACTION. ‘Thia is perfectly applicable _
nid nets ico esas. pee eld visifiiie at Dan Marontate’s. pee get aze on hand’ to aac a Bac ek of Fancy and Staple Grocerios and Provicions. Wo spocialize in
> z 4 Bae street tO} Forest Pastorius {s out again af! 2nd, 5 She mong ypwasn Made up .
And for the Farmers, we will sell AMERICAN STOCK. 1. Pastorius two weeks" lay up with bronchitis, {chiefly by teas and donations. Among —— —— : ee ic
FOOD at-Exceptional Prices. Before the war prices were|coupic of days with his sons, GW fens ee eee RUMI ain Gc Vise Sea MONT Ee eee een eta patel 9 back Na pM ALU cei +
: Byae 8, C. W-) Hall, Antherstburg, February 11th. a Li cea
$1.00 50c. and 25c. ange pee ae oe Acree eee Mrs, Ida Thrasher, of Harrow, 18} Lodge, ‘Harrow; $25 By i pee ay aarti ae eeeietes Fas Good Currants.,.......... 26c tb
- y o., Sinasde, fs visiting her daughter, Mrs. Roy Howi BE TTOW SATA Mah Ae peek. bees f
Saturday they will be serious cond{tion | with Pleuro-pneu- Mr. Aa Mra: Gtorge Bayer spent | council. Amor our. expenses were Ks Frosh Salted Poanuts...... 300 Ib 7 Repulan! Uc: four Flekek ee. ano of ae
RLIc. OCI and 19c. oe pee = Bese ai “c. Bonay, | Monday with friends in Leamington. eee a Sane $60 es ters vJo Mery Boot Cheoso....,..... 360 1 oA EE eI Hc vp Be “J
x ne aC dy, ‘ 5 of two Canadis sone Ger- fe .
and we will pay the War Tax. jof Chicago, formerly of Harrow, and stngag? visitas a Gai Aging One: maps and several ‘substantial sus £ Ges. Hoon eet eae i ig Fad heel cota tog
r=You Can't Beat It !_‘Can you? - Miss Violet Jeffries, of, Minneapolis.|" 4G, Cunningham Ja still’ buying {fF other patriotic needs. Memings 2 Ladi he pane ee ee
(3 announced, pout day! . The following quéry and answer in y Soe oie Large pkg.,Scedioss Raisins. + Ss
*The “Fin” ban will be lit ted at tie ies ry and’ paying. g00d prices. Phone the legal columns of a Toronto piper 4 ss
D & $0 N jes bf thg wWeok Chan services wit “Gore Pagtorittes tancasniiie tia te pulse? of otsteae at nue oe when Kn “Home of Good Eats” yg Fe H.
lay 5. SI ind} stalled teleph ‘ 8 re: a @ discussion of improved roads, ete., HA
i eats il Beope n Monday morning sali elephonee gagan lis_residence, is such a prominent topic: “J. S., Dur- z RROW aoe |
The Women’s Institute will meet at} yeonard Eede’s son Byron-ls | _|ham:—A township council . passed a}. Canada Food Board License Number 8—8436.
HARROW the home of Mrs. Edmtind Richardson |ing slowly trom a. severe aftack of |TeS0lution abolishing Statute labor and tebbhbthbhhet
a on ¥ SE Spies Tay 12th, provid-| pneumonia. accepting the ‘Gooll Roads’ system |— ome ,
foofonlacfonfeofocfouleof t goolorfosferfoofeofecforforfecfoofeofooacfeolecteofeotnoferlecfeofoceefoefecfenfecfees (ing the ban is lifted. A full attendance] R, ®. Countess, 8th con., Malden, ig| Without asking the consent of the See pe ee ae fe
on £ ia eee vali : liaving afAuction Sale next Monday, |T@tepayers. Will It require a by-law
BUY YOOR SILVERWARE HERE isis wit. ‘sststs cgi jee Ee gol apa
-aPS a8, 8 2K. e 2 3 7 council Oo ery c ty, own, village an |
= t tubers are good stock, Mr, Cornwall es Bee Tey oer pa township may pass by-laws to reduce|
ie —. eae “E|thoumaiem ta nieages’:, TO TH dazs at Jona Deslinpe's Eek sick tha ances of sel lees ;
: i ee eae 8 feet. The Tler Patriotle League will meet ‘ ave pec re oF
1h We are showing a beautlfal line of Flatware in . Aw Moms of Harrow, formerly.|at the home of Mya. Albert Bailey on | Paid in'lleu thereof, or to entirely, abol- Our bi Reduciar n feats l h b a
‘ 1847 design Marsiild, has eared. the ‘thomas eee ey, eb Unes sete iergehe and of “tauee! i g Aa: ONE ak OPE
5) 8 pid, as t) Fi C BOT, sOurse 1e
Cu Community and Rogers 84 esigis. £ Thornton farm, Pike road, . Malden peeve BAe cay aoe Lip auend: councHl can repeal any by-law. pre- : extended oO anoth
~ i . +/the counc!| meeting on Monday. He D' y_ py’ Dp r HE
£ Se mONS mae shortly. is threatened with the “Flu.” viously enacted, ‘The Highway Im-
) erma . . , y r j Z
— No-need to look elsewhere for = a Lie Prices reasonable “£| ato opens at We ee ree nine | Capt. C. H. Bassett, 34 mile east of |Provement Act’ says. the cqunet tnnt |
< se letaoe teeidineiey, y' ©.'3,| Harrow, 43 advertibiag ‘a. big*auction |tOwnsh’p may by by-law rect thht /
+ 3 Toutes sad Obticiag Slee rue Pen a (Saturday). Part|cate for next Tuesday, Fett th. the statute labor for which land front- =a
+ A, G. TAYLOR, ot Ay + ny % story in» told on} ‘The auction sale of Herbert 'Harris, fngion the roads may be Mable, shall } : .
- HARROW. ONT page 20. of ons ¥cho this week, con. 5, Malden, will be held-on Friday,|® commutted and the” amounts so| :
eH. Parriss Wag agatn taken the | 7 1 ‘|recelved shall. be paid to the county : ; és Gi rap
A Pt ninkbrt wheafe fo. A , hey : i 12) Feb, 14th, See list In.this issue. ‘ “ ‘ é
*" PR Sl a MIS tl et narra ii? agency for gw relet a id oo lebaker| John C. Rv aiipati; Gesto, is adver- and applied in repairing such roads, ’ : ; sy 4
if warpath. soon. He ts atting. up the oni Seg | Sern er a such ‘bylaw and restore tie for. : Z Be
% Tuesday, Feb : f : : : ‘
: Here are a Few Values “that are’ Hard to Beat: Herdman allding ag a nifty \abow|Rend ite km [mer aystemr RLS... chap, 40, sec. 16") | 2 : : z
: e wnat ee ° °
: Guaranteed White Rubber Boots that should be $7:.. 6-08 mane, Hoard: of Trade. will reannipiitliae oud at whieh via $2 per{ Mrs. Arthur Geauvrean, of Essex, Ev ery thing in the store is bein g Sac-
4 t should be 00 ore Se en eee 3.5 etings fédnesday night, when} 79, Jbs., not $2.75 as announced last spent a few days at the hame of her; s ° 7 2 .
if] Mackinac Rubbers tha a oa $3. 00 250 the. pavarrne Guestion. of good roads |weélr, sister, Mra Slee beauynsali, Of Uuy' as rificed to reduce Our stock. es
Men's Arctic Overshoes that should be $3.00 ........ 2.00 | tonice tor dincuas ect ote] ME. and Mrs, Calvin. Yonkim, "of PINGS, wO Nae ee rind are | . a. a
Peirce » are’ 2 a} a : ? . ; We .
i Men's Overalls that should be $2.50............. 600) roard of Trade. Toledo, are visiting hor slater, Mrs. isting in this nelghborhood—Mr.| ~ Si@@ Bi g B ills for List o f Prices Ea "
Heavy Cottoffade' Pants thabsces should be ner Tas ° Private Stanley Plan, me return-|¢riends in this vicinity. = and’ Mrs, Chester Quick and son spent : 2 ad ag
ea aaa hore 10F erating among) “The Aftermath”, a real smashing|Sunday at Frank Stapleton’s.—Roy | © a
ends a W days. Pte. ‘ . +, }Heaton has been visiting In the east-
Plant has glven up, banking for good sale, opens at W. R- Boyco & see ern counties. for gf few days —The You: will miss it if you do not get in

 

Harrow, to-morrow (Saturday).

    

  
   
      
 

     

  

and will take a position ag local re- on {Chapel Hill Threshing Con held
f thi . ape reshing Company he
H nd Shoes presentative of an Engle) tea firm. Oe eae sod P| their annual meeting at the home of on these Sale Pri CeS7: a tg 4
arness a eS oral ord returned to! The “Fin” situation’ is improving| V™- Rawson on Tuesday evening.— 4
- * couple of ly. Th r Carl Higgins took in the tractor ’ ay
years in*Windsor, He antl litg family ey 8 eT RTE Ee a course at Essex on Wednesday of last Save, Money Here. 2 ‘ a

      

   
    
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
  
    
      
   

  

are’occupying the Collier Quick hous),

ace aT for the present. Carey Drummond,

barber, has also moved = his family }¢

itt the ban this week, and allow busi- | Wek—Earl Woodiwiss spent Sunday

Diss and gocial activities to Tesume at his home here.—John.Lennin, of
their normal course, Trinity, took tie service af Zion. on
Lew Sunday 4ast.—Another land deal was
Eons Daa pyt oe engrien the work made this week when Roy Heaton sold }

      
  
    

  
   
 
  
  
  
      
   
   
     
  
 
    
    
     
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
     
     
     
   

~ HARROW -

   

 

  

 

     
     
   
   
     
       
    
   

   
      
    

   
   
 
    
    
    
   
     
    
     
    
  
 
   
    

 

  
   
     
    
     
      
     

 

 

 

France, acknowledging the receipt of
‘he 28 boxes sent oversens on , the
uit of November by; the Jadies of Sty

Thomas, son of Harvey Nelson, who} y1., mq. Uleh and family, of Harrow;
‘has* been ilk’ with’ pneumonia, is re-|r and Mrs. Hermans Woodiwiss, ‘of
covering. Arner; Arthur Hicks and Miss Edna

the coal and the costs, amounting to
$12.50 each. The ‘coal was taken dur- -
ing the coldest weather of the unusual -

throughout. Everybody welcome,
‘A building boom Js In sight here for
spring. Frank Herdman, will start

\

 

The Farmers’ Store, $3 ‘will offer the Tea Drinkers of

the community a chance to “T” up ata low cost.

J “iban's. church and vicinity, to the

’) L |! ] SPECIAL i: from Windsor to the Shaw residence.
* Methodist church open ‘Sunday. .10
| . ot cleaning out the Jenner drain at the ;
-SPECIA © Eat pute worahing. rab" pine | oBeimenrn atic, and! lo now advor- (Ml, @f Te hes Oe tte |= ees aS
: cf song service led by J. H..Madill. Pas- eae For tps. tp nani i, the sear, wher he will locate. {Miss-Annie Hedges spent Sunday even-|from a car 6n the Pere Marquette 2

fil da Feb. 8 & 10 Onl £h pons pest. #Chriat's Prayer for His weather permits. 4 GOSFIEL dD D SOUTH. , ing with Mr. and Mrs. O. C, Wigle—|Railway at’McGregor. They were ar-

oa u ay on Y; Murteret polng ee frat Gy'a Beriae AvAlaltart wis) redalved last? weeks * Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wright, of Ox-|rested by Provincfal Officers Smith

is Mi Be Tae eit Be Beancauctia from the Royal Canadian Regiment, Monee Wigley iinprositic: ley, are, visiting their. daughter, Mrs,/and Hanna, They were allowed to go.

t Leroy Ailen, ofthis place—Mr. and |on suspended sentence on payment for

   
   

 

        
   
  

  

 

   
     

  
     
   
   

   

Regular 600 Gun Powder yen (ea oe Se ee nee 50c per fby the ball rolling in the erection of a] po Capt. C= H. Bassett, % mile east. of Goatbe,, of Colchester South, spent| winter offa year ago. The de
‘ Renulay 60c Green Tea. - -50c per fb. 60x100 foot cement block garage, on ero aber a pegs aa Harrow, is advertising a big auction | Sunday ‘with Mr| and Mrs, Whcndal eeatandel cae they ees cen
‘ “Regular 60c Black Tea......-.+---+0+++ Be at ine ..50c per th. the lot he purchased from C. E. Drum- |; wee Ox: “i nto ak ng. fie, win-|rale for next Tuesday, Feb. 11th. Abbott,—Michael Abbott and Leonard |fuel in their homes at the.time and
' F mond-on. the side of the Drummond };0" in te south with his brother Al-} Mrs,.George Fox <lfed at Olinda on/syndin are. constructing a tractor,|took the coal to protect. their wives
il Also a few pails of Syrup, which we will offer at near cost. House. He spent Monday and Tues- Ha writes that he is having the time | \fonday} aged 55 yéurs 9 motiths,. fol- which promises to be quite a success.|and children, but took only enough -
Lily White and-Corn Syrup—5-Ib palls......--+- Bia othe Set aby ere removing the old ice house— 3 is fe, Recently he succeeded in |jowing an» iliness of some> months} str and Mrs. Albert Malott spent | fuel to tide them. over the emergency,
10-tb. palls,....-..-- ae “-+.$1.00 Jent landmark—to the rear jof|2aseing @ big’ alligator during a hunt) standing with diabetes. Funeral ser- Tharsday with Mr. and Mre. Charles} and that they took jesg.than half a tom

 

   
 
   
    
 
  
  
    
   
   
 
  
    

   

tor thls saurian. He will likely Rand
he premises. vices were conducted at the home on fe.
vFronk Clark, formerly with the Har-|{he hfde to his friend, Cornelius Ford, | Wednegday ‘afternoon and burial was see Poot Strat INCA arate
yow Canners, has joined Clark Limit-| °)% Souvenir. ‘im Greenhill cemetery... Deceased waa| or xingaville, spent Wednesday, at the
ed, as local manager, and T. B. Adams Thursday evening of last week a-re- |. daughter of the Iate Peter Fox, of Regiken Farm a Vaikar “vA: As the
has been appointed representative of foption was accorded Sapper William |«oiehaster South, and 1s survived by ft jud dattion aire N
Pollard, home on leave from overseas |e hurhand, one daughter in Huavhil- purpose of judging cattle 3. Nor-
ton, ani two sons, besides a sister, eth ae at spent “Thursday” afternoon
Mrs. Gaorge jKede, and a brother, we
Peter Fox, »f this ‘township.’

gach, although a total of seven tons
was missing from the car when It was’
delivered.” No little credit is due
Constable Phil Souligny for this round-
up,
Nearly every fall and winter, Tes
dents of this district have been vic*
tims of a band of petty thieves, whe
have miide {t impossible to keep the
ordinary necessities of life except un:

der lock and key. An organized effo) ort!

    
     
     

  
   

   

GROCERIES, fresh line at all times at right prices. “Also, esh |
Bananas and Oranges.

     
    
   
    
  

    

NOTE—The Big Shoe Salo,tables Is atill on, to be cleared below
cost.. Cole early and pick yours whilo-p! feRing 4s good.

   

    
  
  
     

  
    
     
 

the eompany throughout Western On- at the home of his parents, Mr. and

tario, and is now calling on the,retail
Airs. J. R. Pollard. A large number of
interests. With Mr. Adame in this Helehbors gathered to. extend. thefr

7 {important position, it means a vigorous 4

A MICHAEL - _ HARROW onan push thend to tne Hane Kory plenshnt PerningeNe eben ae
produc!

i At ote annual meeting of the Har- er was presented with a gold watch

   
    
     
  
 

S, P. Wigle—Misses Elva
Moore and Viva Willfamsson spent
Friday with Mrs. Jacob Hiles, of Es-
sex, who is visiting her mother, Mrs.

tor visting selatives tn tho city-—Gor-| Hat GoMlts A cl atscoe

   
   
 
  

      
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
   

 

    
  
   
   

   
  
  
 

   
 

 
 
  
 

  
   
   
 
 

 
  
   
   
  
  

   
 

4 hain. don Lott an is now being made to root out -this
row Public Library last. week, is glow ~Farmers get busy and measure UPjof days in ee ert noronte ered in the soy the neighbors, daring kind of thing by the ap ae ota

ing officers were, Gd:
ng Brex:; Capt. your ddd Jengths of wire fence. You}has returned home after spending a|*¢ction road, Poot Mr. aad. Mrs county constable who

—— week in te the. absenco do. his duty,
2.0%. Brookland; Librarian re Miss Eva eae | in ‘the 1050 style, No: remnants, | js able ante er oreia ds Asa dare Stevens. Most of the furniture’ wa8|with the Provincial Police. ”

Thompson; Delegate to convention ; ed, but the house, a brick bullding, :
» no aplicing to do; made of genuine No. |her bed -—Roy. | Sa%ed, bu » & tsomo parties have been brought sharp:
foe: 7 os aoe Mra. A. P, Clark {9 Sinise best money'can buy. You Hoxton es iene Bee eine oy was destroyed. By hard work a kitch-1}y to justice and others .aré Dein
2°) Atte ti ai Sot a fill the Wore “appointed | take: no’chances, every roll guaranteed | Watford in the nes fature, he having |°2. ot the back of: the house was saveil| watched. As proof that it is none to
atmer's en on. $, | directors. vacancies caused | in weave and no slack wires, when you |so!d his farm to George Higgins.—Tho| Tere was & small insurance, on the} soon to ask the Crown Attorney
‘ |S, ‘nea ‘aeath sh av. A. B. Hding-|tuy the Page foncing. Shipment made |Zjon Thyeshers' Association held their |tt® houge, which cannot” be rebullt | Governmént for protection the fo
These LOST ate Nereis un Hoop, Lugs, Door, &. ~. hard-Tofflemire. |to Amherstburg and, Harrow. Get|annunl oyster suger at the home of |" less than $4,000. The fire wasting is a list of the losses which :

  
  

C. H..Bassett; See-Trens., Miss’ Daisy |yan get any odd size roll from 20 to 60

   
 
   

  
  
  
  
 
 

  
   
  
 

        
   
  
   

          
 
  
   

   
    
  
      

       

No need for Siy male running|your order in for delivery in the first| william | 5} caused by a defective chimney.—MIB8 }req by. robbery during the
SELOS: Y around’ ‘tts winsze owitn wninear |r un save the algun lobar S| Manadse™ tea watering aUenIME | craco tle and mine, Halen Pte winter of 28181 Mf, ‘Droulllar cor
spread all overs countenance, vite high, 92c er rod; 1&bar 48” high; |it is unerstood that ios, Balkwill is, o°™ of {uo Ive Harris spent Thurs | and oats; = i

   

       

     
     

oe r has been started. among | pou per -rod;” 20-bar, 60" lieaving his farm and intends. moving |@tY With Miss Stella Malott. who i169 or 70 Th
; eo Bnet is aff es Praate hah Bolles, $10 pee rea: ay 370 the lia sumo offends met Mt contd, et, vs Raa ao, (guar, bet, end corey, Gh
90.00 : for 0. abaya fy the ruling price. ace oust ut car Frednon ee ed ae eee tone. on |—Burwell Coghill and Miss Veva. Cor-| 25 Walels outst Amin.

Ik “nol , and shen
with neck shave ind Potee sidp tseuen [Picea elven on appl yi eae ‘casi See aa int spent Monday in Detrott.

kaa in. Just og as the ton [a lawn ten,
CAN. Kot

Who. passed awa
9 sie a wero ean
Jam
J 500 pairs Men's Standard Overalls in Blue

i

- $4.00 Sweater Coats,

‘PRIZES

945.00

930.00
930.00

ist PRIZE
Man’s Blue or Grey
Worsted Suit

2nd Prize
Brussels Rug
10) ft. x 12 ft

3rd PRIZE
97-Piece Set of
Dishes

DECAL LARATTS OT DEY ET BW DN WET

OVERCOATS

Men's Wool Tweed Overcoats, $10.00, Sacel
Price $13.50
Men's -Heav,® Tweed Overcoatg, all sizes, warth $23. 100 |
Sale Price .....g¢...- ‘ a
Men's $25.00 Overcofts oh 1319) 00 |
Men‘s 327.00 Overgvats ieee 00 |
fMen‘s $28.00 Overcoats
Meén's $30.00 Overcoats
Men's $35.00 Overcoats

MEN'S SUITS

$15.00 Suits, Sale Price.
$18.00, Suits, Sale Price
$20,00 Suits, Sale
$22.00 Suits, Sale
$25.00 Suits, Sale
$30.00. Suits, Sale

worth

Be . -$11.00 |
SE CO EO UT TOL SOOO SOIC G $1350 |

Men’s Overalls

50 pairs Men's Blue Stripe Overalls, Sale Price. .

50 pairs Men's Black and White Stripe. Overalls
and White

Label, Snog

98c |

Stripes, Plain Blues—Walker’s Leather

Proof, worth $2.75, Sale Price

Men’s Raincoats

$20.00 best English make, Sale
$15.00 best English make, Sale
$12.00 best English make, Sale
$10.00 best English make, Sale

|

 

SALE

opens SATUR

Men's Underwear

$5.00 Menig°Combination, Elastic Rib, for
$4.00 Mén's Combination, Lamb’s Down, for
$3.50 Men’s Combination, Elastic Rib, for
$3.50°Penman's Heavy Ribbed, for

$1.50 2:Piece Suits, per garment

$1.25 Fleeced, per garment

Boys’ Suits

New nobby styles and up-to-date with Bloomer Pants
at a discount of 20 per cent; this in the face of much high-
er prices for Spring, but we need the money and you need
the goods.
$10.00 Suits, Sale Price.......... OP EISADGOOG? Skat
$ 9.00, Suits, Sale Price........

-$ 8.00*Suits, Sale Price

$ 7.00 Suits, Sale Price
$ 6.00 Suits, Sale Price

‘Men’s Sweater Coats

$8.00 Sweater Coats, Sale
$6.00 Sweater Coats, Sale
$5.00 Sweater Codts, Sale
Sale

 

1 only Saskatchewan Robe, $23.00, for.

1 only Saskatchewan Robe, $20.00, for.
1 only Saskatchewon Robé, Sale Price...
4 only Auto Plush Lap Robes,<$6.00, for

“25 Per Cent off all Winter Caps

$2.25 Men's Caps, Fur Ear Laps, for
$2.00 Men's Caps, Fur Ear Laps, for
$1.75 Men's Caps, Fur Ear Laps, for.

a $1.50. Men's.Caps, Fur Ear Laps, for..

ar Laps, for.

$1.25. Men’s Caps, Fur
‘ar Laps) for............ wo)

- $1.00 Men's.Caps, Fur

&

Do not confuse | or ‘compare - this Great |.

Aftermath Sale with ordinary sales.

IT»
SELDOM
H APPEN St

‘Now Comes the Disclosure-The interpretation. | cpr THE PRIZES
of the Mysterious Aftermath—Ifs a Great
Store-Wide Sale and a Great Prize-Winning

Sale at That.
This Sale We Name It--

“Vahl ‘Prizes To Be Given

: a

PLAN—HE RE IT IS—

When you enter the store Saturday morning, you will find every department in periegt ‘readiness to serwe you

with the most wonderful values ever attempted by W. R. BOYCE & CO. Every department is rich in offerings that

=f

spell genuine. economy.

pon with two numbers on Sit, both numbers alike, and as you pass out the door you simply tear the coupon in.two—

iy.

keep one-half with a number on it and place the other half of tlie coupon, with a corresponding number on it, into

the Luck Box.

At the end of.fhe Sale, 10.00 P.M. Wednesday, February 19th, Mr. P. T. Clark, Manager of the Impérial Bank,
who has béen so kind is to offer his services, will act as the -oificial to draw the numbers.’ The first number drawn will
win the First Prize; the second number will win the Second Prize; the third number drawn will win the Third
Prize . The wines, numbers will be published in our ad. in the following édition of The Helios § Remember you
receive a coupon with éy ery Two-Dollar -purchase, two coupons w ith $4 purchase, three coupons with a $6 pur-

chase, and so on. The more purchases the more chances fo win a yalued prize,

J

AND

DAY, FEBRUARY 8TH cox320s

: 10 DAYS OF: UNPRECEDENTED BARGAINS |
= Saturday, Feb. 8th to Wednesday, Feb. 19th Only

Don't Expect to Get Such Bargains After This Sale Ends.

Hundreds of bargains never will appear in print—SPACE WON'T PERMIT IT, but they are here together with
scores of other-items to save you money. Profits, Costs, Values, all have been disregarded in this great Merchandise
Event, We simply desire to clear our shelves and reduce our stock all possible before the arrival of Spring goods,
It’s a great chanee; its’ YOUR chance, and your proof of wisdonr will lie in the taking advantage of it.

 

If you like to™buy good goods for little money, if you are anxious to make every dollar do its greatest duty,

you want to attend this sale. - '
¢ + f

If you are a shrewd, ¢areful )uyer and know values when you see them, or if you have to rely upon your’
dealer to serve you satisfactorily, you should buy liberally at this sale. You are bound to make money by spend-

ing it at this sale.

 

BOLD TYPE NEVER TOLD OF GREATER SAVING: CHANCES |
It’s a Matter of Habit and Honor. You get Square Dealing Here.
We Plank our Reputation Alongside Your. Money.

DON’T FAIL TO COME!

_Extra Salespeople Wanted. Apply at-the Store.

For every Two-Dollar purchase in any part of the store you will receive “a cou-—

ON DISPLAY
IN OUR ~~

Because of the Importance O! | wecr winpow

Ladies Underwear

|$5,00 Ladies’ Combination, Penman's 95, Sale Price..$4)90
| 225 2-plece > Suit ts, Penman’s 95, Sale Price

2,75 2-Plece Suits, Penman's 95, Sale Priceid........ $2.39
$3.50 Ladies' Combination, White Watson, Sale" Price .$2.39
3,00 Ladies’ Combination, White Watson, Sale Price.$2.39
Ladies’ Combination, White"Watson, Sale Price.$1.98
Ladies’ Combination, White Watson, Sale Pri¢e.$1.85

au

eRe

2,50
25

| Flannelettes
i 400 Rlannelettes: Light and Dark, Sale Price

35c Flanneélettes, Light and Dark, Sale Price..
32¢ Flannelettes, Light and Darky Sale Price

Prints

aSc/Kight or Dark, SaletPitcen:, 5. sn. oo anes ieee 29¢

35c Chambrays and Ginghams, Sale: Price

75c Cottonades and Denims, Blue, Black, Khaki and Stripe,
Sale Price

 

5 only, Ladies’ Linen Suits, Norfolk styles, Belter, regular
$10.00, Sale Price : ~$5.00
}5 only Ladies’ Bedford Cord Middies, White trimmed with
| Blue, Norfolk styles, Belted, $5.00, for
$4,00 Brushed Wool Sets, Cap and Scarf, Sale Price. . $3.35,
$3.60 Brushed Wool Sets, Cap and Scarf, Sale Price..$2.75
| $3.00 Brushed Wool Sets, Cap and Scarf, Sale Price. -$2.25
$12.00 Ladies’ Sweater Coats, Sale x
Ladies’ Sweater Coats, Sale - $6.00
Ladies’ Sweater Coats, Salt $5.25
Ladies’ Sweater Coats, Sale . $4.50,
Ladies’ Sweater Coats, Sale .. $3.75
Ladies Sweater Coats, Sale

FOR 1

GAROD 4

DAYS
ONLY

| All Ladies’ Fur Neck Scarfs
HALF pO

Sale Price..
Sale Pricest
Sale Price
Sale Price
Sale. Price
Sale? Price

Scarf,
Soarf,
Scarf,
Scary,
Scarf,
Scart,

\ $ 6.50
|| $ 8,00
|| $10.00
| $11.00
$12.00
$18.00

Ladies & Misses’ Coats

Choice of one jot Of Ladies’ and Misses’ Coats, were

 

 

$12.00 to $10.00, could be made over -for children.

At Manufacturers Cost

1 lot of Children's Dre
sses,
OVeralis and Ladies” House Dresses.

Men’s Mackinaw Rubbers

‘$4.00 Men's Heavy 2-Buckte Rubbers
$385 Men's. Heavy Laced Rubbers
$3.85 Men's Heavy Laced Rubbers,

93-25 Men's Heavy
avy Laced Rubb
$3.00. Men's Overshoes, Sale abe

| $3.25 Men's Heavy Arctic Overshoes.

In MILLINERY
LADIES’ WHITE WEAR
GROCERIES

SHOES

Space won't admi

it r

one of the value dea prices. Come and win
&

DIAN Tae
PLAIN TRUTH

Is 2 wonder worker a

ment. nd backs our every state.

THE’
GENUINE
BARGAINS!

Middiés, Rompers and

CROCKERY Res
“SILKS

SS et

 
 
 

 

 

     
   
     
    
     
 
   
   
  
   
   
    

  

7th ,
TOWN OF Ail
i

Denike ...

Coyle ....
Bertrand = Gade es tae. vac
Pineau
Lacey

McFarlan ..

Breen ese easesisses

er a

sews edansesas

« ae
Dawn
acd

By DOROTHY DOUGLAS

 
 
 

(Copyright, 1918, by thi McClure Newspa-
per Syndicate.)

“No,” Dawn sald, with regret and |

finality equally blended with love’ in
her’ volce, “I love you’ as much as T
am eapable of loving any man, but you
have not the rigi®to ask me to give |
up my friends, It 1s far better that
we consider ourselves free.”

Harry Barrington looked back at
Dawn with pain in his eyes, A pain
thant was perhaps mixed with no too
great darkness of jealousy. He looked
nul that a man should be in his khald
uniform, and he was sailing away to
| fight for* America's liberty. |

Fie glanced™about the cool, home-
like studio that was Dawn's home and
realized that when he was in the)
trenches fighting, his sweetheart would |
be entertaining other men—that she
would be sitting down at the little ta-
ble dining tete-n-tete over a Dawn-
cooked chicken or ao rarebit and giv- |
ing her smiles and her rare glances
to some one else.

“You know, dear,” he replied, trying
to persunde her to his viewpoint, “It is
not only jealousy—and Lord knows I
am that—but It is just common sense
I'm talking, Here you will be while I |
am away, and though you may be col- |
laborating on stories and working your |
brain to tatters with Dicky Vane or,
Ralph Reed, you aro still Dawn Con- |
ner, and therefore will be tempting ,
both yourself arid the other fellow. |
You can't help flirting,” he added. |

Dawn blushed, but her eyes were?
steady and enveloped Captain Barring- |
ton with a glance that should have
told him that she was true as steel, |
with all her flirting.

“Tm sorry,” she said, “but women |

 

have gone far past the time when |
they will give up all interests and all4
men friends for the one man whom

they marry. My writing is as great |
a part of my lifevas marrying will be

—my men friends ‘with whom I col- |
Inborate and work in this studio are
dear and sincere friends and another
big part of my life and happiness.
If you cannot be generous enough to
let me have my life and fulfill my
ambitions. just’ as you do your own
then” dear—we must not marry.” *-

But, Dawn—I love you—I—"

“and I love you,” she sald unstead-
ily, “but have I ever asked you to
stop having your lovely stenographers
in your private room for dictation—”

*That-is in business,” he put in
quickly. "

“And’ so {s mine business,” Dawn
stated, “but even if my men friendy
were not- working with me, I should
still expect to be here and entertaining |
them in my studio. I want’to be}
trustéd by the man who loves me suf-
ficiently to let me lend my life aécord-
ing to. my own,nature.” She very
gently slipped the ring from her en-
gigement finger. “I am. firm in my

 

philosophy in loveeand marringe,” she-|~

sald with a swift, if unsteady, little
laugh.

Barrington gazed long and earnestly
at Dawn as he took the ring from her
extended hand. Her beautiful satiny
arm was as white os the lifes and her ;
shoulders*molded for the sheer beauty
of art.

Barrington took her in his arms, |

“You don’t love me, Dawn,” he told |
her sndly; “you are perhaps not capa-
ble of loving.”

“I can't be the siave of love, if that.
{s what you’ mean,” Dawn told him,
and sho put her lovely arms up about
his neck and held’ him close to her.
“Ploase try to remember, dear, that I

love you more then any other woman |

ever will, but my men friends would

be a constant source of unhappiness |

to you, and In the end to me.”
‘T am sorry I have disappointed you,

FOR COINCILLORS,

Tunvamleres soe. ons en eee ay

ee er ers

WAglO s 2acits asta ati eas eae s oe

ee ee a

Laramie, Denike and Wigle elected.

   
   
 

HERSTBORG
day, January 31st, 1919.

Wards 1 2 STL
56 32 856—173
53 28 70—151
59 18 72—149
23 47 + 38—103
he ie 23 52 25—100
ig. 17 58 12-5 87
on 7 31 15— 53%
Farad al 165 1738

Many flrtations,
|

A, But fn a way her big captain had
fH: been right.

Life told her that she
could easily have succumbed had she
been—lesa—(rue to some nearer love.
Barrington, along with other men,
could perhaps hot appreciate that she
was not Jike other women in love,
Dawn loved Jove, but she also loved
her work. She Wns generous and big-

hearted and ofselfish, and wanted oth- |

ers to be the same,

The montyis flew past. Dawn
cenched worderful helghts of fame in
her writing ond found a very level

; sense of coptentment and happiness,

She had many friends and many who
would have been more than friends.
She bexan to dress exquisitely, The
benantiful arms and shoulders were
even more lovely when set off by beau-
| tifpl gowns.
Then suddenly Dawn knew that
Captain Barrington had been brought
| back home wounded—wounded to the
point of being on that terrible prectl-
) pice that rears itself between life and
| death.
She knew, also, that a considerable
| amount of skin-grafting was all that
might save his life. It was no time
before Dawn had made her way de
terminedly to the surgeon in charge
of Barrington's case.
“And he must never know,” she in-

' siinted, after having pleaded success:

fuilly with the surgeon. The blood
texit had been perfect. Dawn was
permifted to give many, many square
inches of skin from her wonderful
arms and! shoulders that Barrington
might live.

The operation wast successful. Bar-

rington, being ‘tofailly unconscious,
knew not that Dawni’s skin ,had been
grafted on his firtightful wounds.
Dawn's courage had! been marvelous
and her spirit feltt greatly rejoiced.

She had done a smuill bit in the great.

fight. i

No one in her liilg circle of friends
knew why Dawn sitopped wearing the
lovely gowns thati :revealed her satiny
arms, and no one knew that Capt.
Harry Barringtom’s recovery was

| entirely “due to the skin taken from

those same arms:

When the hero was out of hospital
and able to attemd It a big dinner was
given for him. Dawn, of course, was
there, and her eyes were steady and
held the old light lin them when she
and Barrington agalin clasped hands,

“Dawn, Dawn,” was all Barrington
sald.” His eyes told) her that life had
meant nothing to Jhim without her,
and~finally- his ips: said that he had
been wrong, a) wrrong in demanding
0 much ‘of hrer,

Dawn's smilie was radiant: She had
yon the kind of love she had alwnys
dreamed 6f ma she could look Bar-
Pitigton squarely in the eyes and tell
him ‘she hadi never wavered from his
Tove. ey

Baaik in the studio after the dinner,
Barringzton took Dawn swiftly into his
arms. Afterward, when a suggestion
of calmn renched him, Barrington
trailed) ‘his fingers down over Dawn's
arm. ‘s ped

“Whiy are my satiny, prectous arms
hiddem by this chiffony thing? And
why arm Dawn Conner’s shouldefs so
modestlty under cover?” io
Dawn, shrank and the color stained
her cheeks. Barrington had mever
seen heir shrink from his touch. ¥

“It's justia little-scar or two,”. she
sald gwiffly; “they will all vanish
some day.”

Barrington’ looked hard at her.
Live's eyes are oyerkeen and love's
braiin intuitive. Her sleeve was swift-
ly trolled back and Barrington’s heart
thuimped madly. :

We trembled with her in. his arms

as he had not trembled when the great
shell sprang at him on the battle
| Geld.
“But I couldn't havg.any other per-
| son's skin om your arms,” she said
| Gnally with a
“Jt would have worried me—all the
time.” fe 3

“Dawn—my own wonderful Dawn,”
was all Barrington said.

 

 

 

 

Dawn. Life would have been a very

beautiful experience with you at my
side, There will never be another

Woman elther in my heart or at my
hearthstone.” g

When he had gone Dawn gave way
to tears, but after that she briced up,
begun to rendjust her life and_ tried
hot to think of the yold that Barring-
ton’s going had left, ~~ Sak

She was nefther the clinging vine
Variety, of womanhood nor yet the fu-
dependent, masculine type. -Dawn
Wis merely a good specimen of feml+
Nine beauty and brains combined; She
loved Captain Barrington as a weak
er nature could never hope to Jove.
There were both depth and breadth
to her affection and complete trust, —

Dawn continued her writing and she
Made no change in her manner of liv-
ing. When’ Dicky ‘Vane came yp and.
thelr worl carried them into the noon
or evening hours; Dawn's

Prepared. Then the us
while rabbit pribaAale vl ear
collaborators torned’

       
   
   
   
   
   
      
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
   

chifing dish”
Was brought out and. savory .meals-

   
 
 

The Danger Mark.

‘To the new munition worker the Red
Lime, or danger mark, Is a source of
wonder, He sees a large room divided
by a line of red paint drawn upon the
floor; on Oe side ofsthe line a seeth-
ing Une of men in various stages of un-
dress, on the other side few or none.
He observes that individuals who‘cross
that line 49 goin their stockinged feet
as though entering i mosque, and that
once attoss they'do not return tho way
they Went, but disappear through doora
on the other side. Later he will dis-
cover that the reason for all these pre-
cautions is to prevent explosions, be-
‘cause that danger zone is the
Billing room and
covered with a fine gray dust. Th
‘dust is ganpowder. The men
there wear few es, no shoes with
nails in them, and change-and bathe
‘before’ Ten’ wee. 80.
when they t ‘home and are
huving thelr ex x amoke they won't
use @ sensation by su:
the air 1 the roof.

     
   
  
  

  
  
   
    

nm moment thought serjously of her

Sa Ireland and settled in western Pennsylvania.

little trembling laugh. ,

     
   

  
    
 
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
   

everything there is |
: and unrestraine

are: The marriago of cousins of defective stock produces a ) propo
tion of dofective | ring. di to

sated and roriste red Be mig Sealand oh ae
e foregoing fu an example of what we should endeavo :
Ontario, ‘How are wo profiting by lessons ‘thie ‘kin it “pve an a

 

     
  
    
        
 
   
  

   
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
    
 

 
  
 

1 fe SS SLA

      

   
  
   
   
   

 

  
     
  
 

    
 
  
   
  

  

 

%
5
:
a
ic)
5

   
 

       
  
  
 
 

   
  
  
 

    
 
   

   
  

    
    
   

$5.00 for $4.00

And Every Dollar
Worth More.

   

Small savings now
share in the high
interest on Govern-
ment Securities.

War-Savings Stamps

Cost $4.00 this month
Redeemedin1924 for
# ©$5.00. Soldat Money-
‘Order Post Offices,
Banks, and wherever
the Triangle and
Beaver sign is dis- «
played.

 
   
     
    
      
   
 
     
 
 
    
    
 

 
 
  

arpa
EOD ess

ae I Five OOLLAR'

  
 
 

   

85 |

ent

  
 

  
  

 

 
    

HOW TO KEEP.

st
BY JOHN W. S. McCULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

 

kal Sash
Naar

Andtod et ea ton’ pedo Ortreteteatoelned ed)

LESSONS IN EUGENICS. -
N 1815 William and Mary Dack and thely young son, Samuel, came from

I William was a peculiar,
Silly old fellow, who drank a good. deal,.stole sheep and other valu-
ables. Mary his wife, ang also his cousin, was ignorant, quarrelsome,

pand would become angry at her husband and leave him for days at a time,

This. pair proved a bad investment -for tho United States, and parti-

cularly. for Pennsylvania. Mrs, Annie Finlayson, investigating for the
Warren State hospital, got track of 754 namos of descendants or persons
who married descendants. Taking out all persons dying at less than. 20
years of age, all persons marrying into the family, ‘and all who moved
away and were entirely lost track of, Mrs. Finlayson had left 163 descend-
ants of William and Mary, concerning whom she was able to secure fairly
complete data. ~ y . aie F ‘

Of the lot no ons was a distinctly good citizen or a force for good in
the community. Forty, although mostly of a low order of intelligence, aré

capable of controlling their emotions and have not been a burden on
society, . Nae
j In the second. group are sevénty-tworindividuals. The members of

this group show various eyidences of degeneracy, ‘such os shiftleasness,
illiteracy, Jack-of average judgment, sexual irregularity, heavy drinking,
quick and violent tempor, and inability to,control their emotions. /
_ In the third group are forty-one individu Some ofthese have been
fh insano asylums, some {n penitentiaries, some {n jails, and some in poor-
houges. Most of tho insane have had some form of emotional nity.
They are quarrelsome, quick tempered, violent, and given to sulking, , The

disposition to leave their marital mates is very marked.

Twenty-five were insané, twenty aro described 1
thirty-nine . are below the averago of intelligence: aa

described as ugly and quarrelsome. ‘Thirty wore alcoholics, twenty-
were notoriously sexually irregular, igtitesa ‘hel At cfdasving their

eighteen d
husbands or wives as the caso was, os i ate ee geeving thgir

‘Of the nine children of William and Mary, Jane and Curtis founde
the two worst family trees. Jano married her cousin, a bad man, Curtis
married a defective woman from defective stock, The t ble cost to
the. atatayfor caring for worthless descendants of this pair is $28,364, Tho
Actual cost tovsocioty has been infinitely greater than that./ ‘Thore. {a no
way of knowing the cost to the state ofthe value to the state of the mem-

rs of the family who havomoved far away, but the state of Pennsylvania
id up te a itself waa {t allowed William and Mary to move in

Oo apawn out a brood :

Two of the eugenic lessons Mrs. rat

and shiftiena,
and thirty-four are

   

 
 

     
 
 
  
     
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
 

 

 

   
  

n drawa from this fam

   
   

     
  
   
   
  
 
 
  

   

of somé feeblo-minded, vicious,

drunken fathor pare
fome-unfortunate halt. girl in a community, pay clare

the foub

 

 

  
 
   

    

   
 
  
   
  

“| atipmenta in the seco

kn

Quality P
Compare “Comfort” with any: ,
other soap—“Comfort”
the test.

truth.

Weight P

ow “Comfort”.

“It’s All Right”

PUGSLEY, DINGMAN & CQ. LIMITED

TORONTO, ONT:

That’s a big claim to
make, but ouf 25 year’s. recotd
of the largest sale of any soap in
Canada is the best proof of its .
Why experiment? You.

Shape ?

stands

 

 

SHIPPING THE LIVE STOCK.

 

Farmers Will Find That Co-operation
Pays Them.

An ideal condition, as affecting the
live stock industry, would be the
existence of a large number, of live
stock shipping associations, all speel-
ally devoted to the shipping of only
the best possible quality of cattle,
sheep and_swine,

Co-operation by farmers in ship-
ping live stock*tO market has proved

so successful up to the present that |

the method Is certain to be very
widely adopted in thé near future.
As it will, no doubt, become neces-
sary for a newly-formed association
to make special effort to attract at-
tention to Its offerings in case of Co-
operative shipments from definite
communities becoming general, and
as price cutting will be out of the
question under the co-operative sell-
ing arrangement, superlor quality
will huve to be depended on to make
| the stock from a particular district
=| specinily popular with the buyers.

So far, co-operative selling of live
stock has shown tts superiority over
individual disposal of animals to the
drover only in the benefit derived
from economy in small detajls of
business, and it yet remains for some
particular co-operative selling asso-
ciation to show what can be done
through the careful selection of all
stock that is allowed to go to make
up their carload lots, J

The’ process of securing a large
membership in an association which
would enforge, for instance, a rule,
that no butcher’ cattle would be ac-
cepted for shipment that domot show
promise to yield at least a 600-pound
carcass, but the association adhering
to such a rule.would prosper ulti-
mately, and if {ti roles were extend-
ed to demand hogs’ only, of between
185 and 220 pounds? of: the” bacon
type and properly finished, the suc-
cess of the association would be even
preater,

The livegatock Industry of tins
country must*depend, for the future,
on,export business, Alreudy the hold-
ings. of stock in the hands of the
farmers are beginning-to show rn a>
precigble increase despite war condi-
tions; that Is to sny: Good cattle
have increased despite war conditions
while the holdirfgs of poor-class anl-,
mals have increased, largely becatso
war ¢tonditions exist. War conditions
have forced the practice of economy
upon the mass off consumérs, with
the result that the poorer ones, finan-
cially, will not indulge in unecond-
mical cuts of beef or other meats, and
it is a foregone conclusion that the
inferiop class of beef cattle and other
stock intended for slaughter will
have to be disposed of at lower rates
than, those’ now existing for such

} material. :

Economy. in beef, carcasses is re-
cognized and insisted on by the pur-
chasers of supplies for overseas, 8
indicated by remarks of the Minister
of Agriculture recently and the Min~
ister’s appeal to farmers to finish
their éattle to a reasonable, point is
worthy of consideration, not only in
view of the existifig army demand,
Dut also with regard for the civilian
demand which is developing out of
& more general understanding of
what pays best in the way of beef
for nourishment. ., i

it_ simply, cannot pay to produce

canners and cutters on the farm at
present cost of labor, even with sell-
ing prites as they havé been’thia year
and if a farmer's breeding stock of
cattle is of the kind that gives only
animals of inferior quality — bad
doers and poor type individuals—the
sooner he is out of them, even at®
low price, and into some good strain
—even at considerable cost to start
with—tbhe better.for hia very near
future, because, only the good one
‘| in the beef class will be wantéd very
shortly, and the same requirement
is due to apply in the case of all
farm animals for meat supply.

| Cheaper Stcel Bars.
The Iton( Age in a summary of
market conditions recently said’ with
regard to steel and the agricultural
machinery business, in part as fol-
lows: The fact-that makers of agri-

 

    
  
  
   
    
    

 

 

       

steel bar
alf of the
year in widely commented on in the
ateol trade, A concession to this in-
it# bar purchases has been

& for years. Gov-.
promised to be

pressure at Wash-

 

duction of $50 ton Yew

J

 

cultural machinery have secured a re-.

* Jackson, Mr, Jackson rocelving the

dvance in im- ¢
“The imple-

WINDSOR.

Demands of employees at the Wind-
sor waterworks for salary increases
were met at a meeting of the water
board Friday morning. Engineers and

superintendent will be given an extra) Secretary, S. C. Forbes;

>10 a month, while the firemen, chief
agitators for more money? will recelve
but $6.. *

O. EB. Terry, 59 years of age, died at
his home, 39 Pellssier street, carly
Thursday morning after an illness of
nearly a year. He was not confined to
his bed until a few days ago, Déceas-
led was very well known in the border
jmunicipalities, having been in the gro-
cory business on Pelissier street for
the past 15 years. He was a member
of the I. O. F., Maccabees, Oddfellows
and Masonic lodges« \The lodges had
charge of his funeral arrangements.
Surviving are his wife and three
brothers.

Captain Griesinger, head of the local
military police, has resigned, and has

given him February 16th, A few days
ago Capt, Griesinger was ordered (0
] report to Halifxa to take charge,of
the military police there, but he does
not want to leave Windsor, although
the Halifax post Is one of the most im-
portant in the Dominion because of
the returned men arriving there, He
expected to ask for his.discharge in
the early spring, but the order to re:
port of Halifax made the time oppor-
‘ltune to ask for it now. It {s expected
that Sergeant Bell, next in authority
under Captain Griesinger here, will
have charge of the local force when
the captain is discharged, and that
this férce will be controlled from Lon-
don bya travelling D.A.P.M.

  
 
 
 

 

DI

 

(

GOSFIELD NORTH,

a -)

Cottam.

‘tobacco. at Lenmington last Week from
which te received $1,689.08, From ole
ficre of;the weed, Mr. Newman netted
$727.60. .It certainly pays to raise
‘tobaeto. — Thurman Vanaman, will]
{move shortly fo a tarm. in . Romney
township, “about eight miles east, of
| Wheatley. The James Sheppard farm,
}Wwhich,he {s leaving, hus been rented
to a Mr. Tinkle, of Indiana, who will
move to, same beforeyspring —Searon
Andrew Neville,..whd"has been in*the
Ur S. Naval Service for over seven
months past, returned home on Tues-
day last, having been granto dhis re-
lease from the service, Andrew was
in the aviation serwice at” Eastleigh,
on the *southern=coast of Eng-
land,.for over three months before the
armistice was signed.—The Quality
Canners are arranigng to build ar al-
dition to their factory here which will
be used for factory work, ‘the present
building to be used for storing their
products. G, J. Firman, who has been
manager of the factory here the past |
two years, has been appointed man-
ager of factory at Harrow, and will
move to¢hat village prior to March ;
ist. An enstern man is to be appoint-
ed; as manager of the, factory here,
Mr. Ryckman, formerly employed here,
will’ be-assistant to Mr. Firman, _ at
Hirrow.:——Art. Squire met with a his-
hap when returning from Windsor in
his. Chevrolet auto earlysFriday even-
ing last. Jn turning off the pavement
at the edge of Windsor, he made too

  
 
 
        
     
    

short.a turn, with the result that theJ»

car upset into the ditch, Result: a
broken wheel, Mrs. Squire, who was
with ‘him, received a bruised *. arm,
while Mra. Cj June. also an occupant,
escaped any injury, Mr. Squire called
up Mr. Birch at Cottam, who took an
extra wheal with him, and they arrived
in Cottam’about one o'clock in the
morning. The ladies took the electric
car home earlier in the evening.—For
failing to offix stamps on some per
fumery that was sold in their stores
duing the holidays, the three Cottam
morchants were up before P. M. Bea-
man in Essex on® Monday, and con-
tributed to the funds for neglect’ on
the part of their clerks—At ‘the
meeting of the Grafield North council
on Saturday last, W. H. Noble, who
has been clerk of the tovnship for
some years past, tendered his reslg-
nation, which was accepted. Applica-
tlona were received from N. B. Buck-
land, .J. ©. . Montgomery and R. A.

   
   
   
   

 

  

      

appointment ht $160 and extras. J. B.
Shepley was inted assessor at $80
A A letter was read from J. H.
Coittinatar North: haking for #1606 for
"No! ing for » for
mages due, he cinimed, on account

0 :

been notified that his discharge will

 

      
     
   
  

 

jaltercation with

  

TILBURY.

The Tilbury brass band held thelr
first business meeting Monday. even-
ing of last week, and the following
were appointed: Fres., Chas. Wash;
Treas., C.
Day; Leader, L. Shaw; Business Com-
amittee; H. Hallatt, H.) Kimmerly, A.
Hornick; Property Committee, P, M.
Lampman; Mon. Committee, Réy, Me-
Leody W. Lumley. W. A. Johnson, S.
Mather.

are oe

CHILDHOOD CONSTIPATION

 

 

Constipation is one. of tlhe: moxt
common ailments of babyhood*) and
childhood and unless it is “promptly
cured) will undoubtedly lead? to disas-
trous: results. To cure this +trouble
nothing can equal Baby’s Own Tab-
lets.
iistaritly regulate the . bowels and
Sweeten the stomach, thus banishing
constipation, colle, colds, ste. Con-
cerning them Mrs. Eugene Vaillan-
court, St. Mathieu, Que., whites:—
“When my baby was constipated TI

well satisfield
would ‘stringly
all

with the result. I
recommend them to
mothers for this trouble.” The

or by mail at 25 centswa box-from

 

Mr, ind Mrs, George Grainger vis-
ited Charles Garlic and family, in the
vicinity-of North Ridge—Mra. John
McCrae and her sister, Mrs, Charles
Moore, visited Mrs. David Moore,

   
   

—Robert Campbell, of Geato, visited ©

with John MeCrae and family.—Pat
VanAmon {a_Jeaving this locality. He
intends living in the-vicinity of Coats-
worth, Kent county.—Miss, Ruth Him-
mett, the teacher,.on behelf of. the
committee, wishes” to thank all those
who assisted in the programi‘at the en-
tertainment given by St. James church
parish, ‘and all those who attended the
eptertainment.—A few evenings ago
quite a number of people meét at Thos-
Morgan's. ‘The occasiom of this event
was a reception to a-returned soldier,
Charles Morgan, formefly of Dunn-
ville, Ont. The evening's program con-
sisted of the Usual pragram incident to
such events:—The many friends of
Miss Annie Leeming will be pleased
to know that she is nearly recovered
from her severe illness, which’ neces-
sitated her removal to Hotel Dieu hos-
pital. Being a favorite at all social
gatherings, her -return to home and
to join in future social functions will
be hailed with pleasure by her many
friends.—During the past fow weeks of
fine weather, the; farmerd have been

  
 

busy, some having their hay pressed ~-

and marketed; some cutting ensilage

and refilling thoir silos,.and some plow-

ing.—The old time ‘butchering and

dressing hose for market has beconie

obsolete. “Now the farmers lond their

hogs in their'wagons and haul them to”
the market, thus saving . time and”
labor,

 

  

LEAMINGTON. ec
Forest B, Roach has sold his 10acre

 

farm on the ridge to Frank Bristow,. .

of Windsor, for the sim of $6,500. —

Pater Fish, of Talbot street enst,
has sold his 100-acre farm to-Rodgor
Barker, jeweller, of this town.
price, for the farm and all the Imple-
monts, 1a/$10,500. ; ;
The funeral services of the late
Dlizabeth Ryall, wifo of William Irwin,
of Leamington, wore held Saturday.
Deceased was in her 64th year, and

     
   
  

She is survived by her husband and
two sisters, Mra, Hawkes, of Talbot
street, town. and Mra. George Gulll-

They are w mild laxative whichs—

gaye her Baby’s Own Tablets and am -

Tablets are sold by. medicine dealera =

The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co.,
Brockville, Ont. .* .
4
GOSFIELD SOUTH,
Klondyke,

Ss . ad»,
{Alvin Newman. delivered a load : friends In the Vicinity of Cottam. =

The

had lived in town for “mony years. ~

  
 
    

4

 
   
    
   
    
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
     
  

  
  
   
  
   

       

   
   
     
  

   
   
  
   
   
  
     
    
   
       
   
     
  

 
       

   

 
  

   

ver of Mersea, and two brothera, Al-
fred and Albert. Decdpsed had deen
practically an invalid for overa year,
and the Inst few weeks of her life. She
suffered o paralytic stroke... -
“ “The sudden determination of

    

fourteen-year-old Leamington
Senvovhls happy nome nd

moro remote parts.
8 his
ni,
noon, v7

pprenhend

father,

moe sud An.

Thursday
was

RRS

  

  
  
   
     

       
  
    
 
 
 
   

    
    
 
    

 

oe Ne ee . TAE AME- RSTBURG Ev

Shopping Satisfac

ae ‘| LIKE TO LOOK AROUND BEFORE I BUY, OF COURSE YOU DO. oe

     

eta ~ WORK GOODS

arly fortunate in securing a tremendous
the recent advance in prices and we are
going to give I Amherstburg and Bssex Coun-.
‘ y the benefit. In fact, ye have marked these goods at less than’ q
the present wholesale prices. Dont! miss the opportunity. Also :
see our line of Work Pants and Shirts, ete. 5

 

 

 

    
    
  
   
    
 
  
    

See our nice new Shirt Waists with long and short sleeves,
high and low neck. Ranging from 7éc up to $7.00.

* UNDERWEAR. ||

We were particul

stock of Overalls before
the working men of

You are more than welcome tn this store.
You know we have the newest and best things
and we display thenets attractively as possible

There is an endless variety of two-piece and combination
garments in all qualities and sizes to choose from, 7s¢ up to $8.

Also for ladies, from 75¢ up to $6.00, in all sizes. ~ oe

|

|

|

|

|

 

ry a ¢ \
You have the choice of America’s best makers here in all

colors and styles, at from 50¢, 75e, $1, $1.50, $2 and $2.50.

a

so as to help you decide just what you want.
We want you to be satisfied with your purchases SHOES ! SHOES bone
; s | NECKWEAR \We haye a large assortment in Mens Shoes from $2.50 up | ]

and with our service.
to S800.
Special Inv

Ladies’ Shoes, high top, h

e +
ictus Shoes at $5.00 and $5.50.
igh heel and low heel, from $2.35

—_———-

The Best in Quality, Price ©
and Service. |

to 36.50.

Qxblood, Grey and Tan French Heel and Walking Boots,

SHIRTS
’ Large bar, pin and-hairsstripes in all fabrics and’ styles, silk | oat 1 88.00
and other materials, i yr ine, Mi 2 17.00) And oo." a 3 aoe
2) aterials, in Arrow, Loraine, Midland and Gordon Boys’ Shoes, Button and Lace, from $2.50 up to $4.00.

Specials, at from $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2, $3, 54, $5, $6-and $7.

| hone 14

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
   
     
      

  

 

 

 

 

——

“ seitetnfntntenlenlereroreooeorooeoooenfededeofonbetooolefodecetts

    
        
    
   
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
 
  
 

  
 
  
 
    
   
   
  
 
  
     

 

    

 

   

 
 
 
 

 
 
    

    
 

        

 
 

 

  

 
    
    
  
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 

    
     

 

    
          

ete fe foniecteriens Bas orfoesenfooheeerseelerteeseeiers bly Td evening. | THE “LIBERTY” THEATER. CARD PARTY.
; a E i + a) wanted for general —— es aa eee \
QOD A HINGS 4 O EAT . oe h y to Mrs. W. S. Falls, N. A. Marra; who purchased the lot Anosber very succesisful card pa - Bido< 7 * j
i a ee slicious breakfast can be made 4, : : lcorner Sandwich and Richmond |was held at he Parish Hall on Tu fe | x :
os seasonable and most delicious breanklas can be made _ A. Smith, Collector of Gus-| streets, Amherstburg, upon which ‘to day night for the purpose of Es
fe - Aunt Jemima Pancake Plour and Choice Maple .*# |* M.-B. Twomey, both of'/erect a movie tireater, las satisfactor-|funds for the R. C. bulliding camp : a —
1s : tt ara TE aS z n Amherstburg Wed- ee setter the matter Bie lic ahs place yas nicelsy Dee as wit te 5 : HI 4
Je Syrup. qese are specials 5. n. e Goyernment and will at once begin | flags an unting, a res seek a . e ; . F
‘nad a cup of Coffee from our special 45-cent blend and ‘| r meeting of the I. O./| getting material on the ground for tle | greatly enjoyed them The * You will be sure of finding here exactly what you :
ots re ‘ - , ; of | 3. will be held In the Auditorium new building, the plans-of which pro-| winners were as foliwws: Ladies ‘ - i
ae you will use no other. ote ‘uesday evening, February 11th.) vide for a handsonme anid commodious donated by Mrs. Tiheo. Young, 3 ~ require to complete all needs: ake
“ FRESH PRUNES DAILY. of oflicers. All! back dues} structure. ‘ft will be of brick and ce-|George Boak; ond\. donated “by MISS
z = aah 6 | > pald on or before that date. ment block conktrucsion “with full|Charles Kelly, Mi Elmire eur For
te hone’8, Amherstburg, Ont “} n chureh| basement, which w{ll be ad up with |3rd, donated by Mrai. L. @. Bray, } , eriver
cP J - i+ S LOV EGROVE | 8—5431 ef | will hold thelr annual services on Sun-|modem ygymnasium equ eit. .The | Nellie Weir. Gentlemen, Ist. dor \ MISS
vo Canada bcos pees 2. sPactactectoalestoote | ry, the 28rd and 24th] capacity of the theater will b+ over|by Mrs. A. Ouellette, P. J. Re LACES BLOUSES Fol
foslealectocfactocferierierinedorsrenrnss aaron "ar a" a S88 Look, for further partic-|600 seats. Mr. Marra has dec:ied to|2nd, by Mrs: Herbext Long, A GEORGETTES = SHOES dass
‘ ee Se “nd "7 a 3 : Heap.
= e name this the “Liberty” theater, and | Deslippe; -3rd, donatied by Mrs. 1 3 burk.
LOWN AND COUNTY. » annual meeting of the Hort!-| devote the proceeds of the first three MeBride, Guy Pourget. Cons: RIBBONS HOSIERY ~ FOr
a a fety will be )eld in the}days to-the four churchas, the money | prizes, ~ donated. byy Mrs. M EMBROIDERIES WASH GOOD ‘a mo
: Se iit iS Ghamber this (Friday) even-|'to be divided equally among the ladies’ |Jadies’, Miss Robidowx; gent’ - <= . nc < ari;
a = ole k. \Aljarge attendance 1s)'soc es of the f C. chureh, St, An-| Farmer. Spectatomls 12 di DRESS TRIMMINGS BRASSIE y &e. YF

  

ons, on Sunday.  -/ing 2
ss A. Horsman, Mr

    
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  

be” held in. Christ |requested. drews)}Preabyterian. Wesley Methodist |donated by 2
£ | annul meeting of the Pub-| church and Christ church, Ouellette; gent’s,~ dionated by
Sees Theo. Young, A. J, Biurns. Door pr

ole
rd
sts
alk eee VA
y Board; Tuesday, M. Bar-| 7 Wils “en ter Fa Tiarliy A |e - roe
e-appointed Ct man -and oieuamae eee hay been sery iN! with sack of flour, donatwd by Mra. R. L. it
Tre while the same —Danaing music extraordinary; town Wigle, Edward Wonmd. The eve ing 7° -:
e was enlivened with music furnished i
of. a
+
wed
BA
te
Bs
+

 

Windsor, Js

   
         

   

ton Wilson, of/%
to friends inj}c
on a furlough |

 
 

 

ned. hall, Amherstburg, Feb. 11th

de will recaive| Ball aleehana pinta treated | bY Miss Mildred Wilorox-

t Sarr rs j “ = ~ may, 2 ——s —<———
times since “com ns” 0) themselves to a moxde theater jparty MOVING PIGTURES
on Thursday, February | wednesday night, followed by a chick-
clock, at her) on dinner at the City Cafe, A Town Half, Armherstburg.
—Yvonne, daughter of Dr. O4Tedter, ;

 

 

for
Ford Motor’ ¢
with
on; St. /home on

 

pull!
ear §
ARY

FOR

 

 

ron. :
—David Cuddy
after a long

4 until 1§.,0

  
  
 

  

 

“The Store With TheStock.”

 

red that Miss

 

        
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
    

  
 

 

  

 

    
  

will so > fn a

/ puts Tee soon! be ~Waord been rec underwent .an opération infHarper} Monday, Februmry 10th—Jack Pick-
Bee atority ot tice Hackett, a former. graduate Of} hespital Tuesday, for the removal of |ford in “The Varmiint”; Fatty Arbuckle - pirtald
: fim Outario+ a Normal, Training Suhool, ner tonslis#| She Is doing nicely. in “Goodnight Nuirse,” ole ae — pon
a memorialize —Misges Ouellette, Seymore strect, Wednesday, Febrruary 12th-—Madame i rs SULLA
continue enterfiiied a scote of friends at a)|Petrova in “Law: of the Land”, and} 7 FOR
3 s wmovie" party, Friday: night, followed | Seventh Episode mf Serial. ES Ba) fed
d- Hackett, of W aslty| Mhy a dinner and social evening at their] Friday and Saturrday, February 14th | ,s. @ e - /@ herdra
nt Sunday im town’) home, a yery enjoyable time being |and415th—Douglas Hrairbanks in “Head-| i on ;
with the U. S. Ship-| spent by_all. ing South,” and nnett comedy. i THE STORE OF VALUES Fo

this. (Friday) ;
to discuss plans for t
new church.

—Harry McEvoy.
Rubber Co. E
ing a couple of
Mrs. W. H. M

Te See ae Me a ee a a ee ee Lan 2 Se a a Sie 2

stctioned at Wyan- —The funeral of the late Leonard Tonight (Fridmy) and to-morrow

oking. after the cOn-|prown was held from’ his residence, |night (Saturday; AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

—Wm, Si Hart inj
ss forthe U. S. Gov-| Th\iman avenue. Cleveland, O., to St.|“Wolves of thos" Raih” and § tt LG My
Colman'’s church. Grand high mass]comedy. : FerlorterfecheoloofootectertorsenlenlontessesietentensorSinleelonleotestenteslentenfeoteie fect
3 Alvena Bertrand and) was sung by Rev. Father Welch. Ave J. G. BROWN, SSS ie \

» to be able to “Killeen and Miss- Lillian) \farje and “Nearer My God to Thee” Manager. | sestestictestect Gt “a a. ;
on’ the public | ind Emerald Bertrand,.of De-} was sung by Mrs- Brinner. Surviving a — Fal ee Me ne Ma ea Sh afeolarenfecfeofenteefeete le ofocferfocfofocfecteclech
a.

itroit, were Sunday visitora at the] are ee e “ anes

é 4 . 3 dre his wife, three cljildren, mother, rl oo . o

Hirons "has re-|0me of Mr. and Mrs, Alex. Bertrand,| Mrs,. Harry Brown; two sisters, Mrs.|_ . REET. Sher _ |e {ngreas ( 5 inn? jr |
P Jr. Sol. White, “Amberstburg;. and Mrs. ‘ aa tee ante Beynon re ; l " 5 qd lt 5 ti ®

the Goyernme —Corpéral Harold Rogers and bride] g@. E. Tolmah, of Chicago, and two te, 4h Ay son—-still-tiorn
The whole world is looking to'!America,for food’.

                
        
    

 

 

 

Pat MUBIC, &

 
 
  

   
  

 

 

 
     
 
 
  
    
    
    
 
  
 

      
   
  
  

   
  

 

 

Automobile+
“Jreturned this week to. the home Of}prothers, Robert-and Harry, of Cleve- n Gosnela: South, Frias
5 1919, lle wife of Mr. George

el. |her parents, Mr, and Mrs, A. G.|jand*, The pallbearers were Capt. raat anecionine

anwary | 9%
ote

      
           
          
          
          
             
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
     

, to extend
pes. for

    
    

     

   
   
 
 

        

 

 

iy othe 16 ej ae ruary 15th. 1919; on and “after. that Brown, anion avenue, pee a eee John ages: Capty.Pat merit; Capt." ieatan—In Kingsville, Friday, January 3tst, e ar ;
= Worshi orl jate to be dealt with according to-law;,| pleasant honeymoon spent In Fesaliion | Hugh “Bittle; George Taylor. of De- 4919, the wife of Me, D. R. Heaton, of More Beet, more Pork, mo i ‘
Worship Le ee ug building “revival is/|and ‘Tbrontoy ay j trolt;. Harvey Allen and: John Mc-],)- S Gaus te oan Sunday & Bane cf eerie ’ ree, more Mutton,
usug},|die in Amihersthurg: tt spring. -In| There iso, Jacki6f good rqads| Monngle, Jhntare. 26th, thepasrenoeiatel es liry and Eggs is expected of the Canadian
: y : 5 Rex, | addition to the two «movie theatres, | thrgughout Essgk county this week, —David Cottrell, ‘on the-occasion of Hombardier, of aguphter. 2 Farmer.
actus] eck ea ee ths Imperty Bank is getting out plans | 4° fine weather has continued suffic-}fhis “79th eBirthday, entertained a Sac NN at Kreidoy, January sis * ; é
LW. ee acca badly damaged: |now for their new—bank~butiding, to {iently “long to permit “ali; the main | yumber of hls friends atar oyster sup- aR a FM Rreds lie Bri is —
—Iceshoves Nav 2 a be erected on the Old telephone cor |highways to be straped and frqunded}per, All ostentation was omitted and} Getty —m Gosield \vorth, Monday, January 7 DR HESS STOCK TONIC
; i = * %, the wife of Mr. Gurdon | efe : 3 : .

  
 
 
  

are The attempt to smooth Amherst-)in its place was a simplicity which be- dines
etter,

  

the waterworks dock, dnd its days
ele Makes ailing animals healthy, the whole herd

ner, which the Bank bought lest year. jap.

  
    

 
   
    
       
    
    
     
  

 
 

numbered. "As .séon as the pregent a burg streets was,cut off in its infane ‘ in
Bos See ee rc Fe Household necessities are coming | DUTE streets was,cut off in its infancy,|spoke praise for the forethought of ‘Truesdayy Jatuary 28
peatereoxes plant an ee ‘own fast fi-Detro{t. Butter took ity |the result being thateonly a few Boa Mr. Cottrell in his arrangenfents for F Rae Ne nites” fe thrifiy, and drives out the w : "
NN is no doubt but w a ns eee front {other slump “of three centsia pound [received attention. Every street In| the party. Tho entertainment of the}, ..,0F o daemon, 2 le ’ SOU e worms, ry
will be torn down.and the riv r nt eT Monday’ making 9 Uéellne. of 19 {town might with profit tecejve a thor-|avening .was furnished by the guests Keole—In mgav Ufo, Wadnesday, Tafmmary rn
there beautified.. ~<< “January 19th. Bgg prices | Ush scraping to purthem fn shape to|themselves. Stuart Taylor was in hjs Kooks, of a syn, aaa. Dr Hess Poult P e
x usuaf-fine voice and sang with intense | Middleton In Gositeld Souths Monday, Jan- . ry an-a-C e-a

i 5 * mnnis ¢ cents since :
Essex’ Bowling and Tennis club were from 214 to 3 céfts a dozen low- stand*the rigors of spring traffic.
, —At a meeting of the Daughters’ of} feeling several classical’ selections.

~ rary anelal stateme s,.\er, a drop of from 13 to.1i,cents a AK . ub

Lar eording 4? ne ee Se wat dozen within a few days. ~\the Empiré, held inthe Auditorium:on) Fred, Wilson sung=several folk songs

A sd rie Tronsurer reported that {<-A musical, entertainment of a very Tuesday, evening: January 14th, the) as if inspired; Earl Jones displayed
Ries " were 6> bowling meé mbers and hich order will ‘be given in the audos following Indies. were nominated for}jijs usual excellent gastronomical qual | oanes

vere 66 jing members 4 } 4 5 on 3 revi : Rap : akes

th ae tennis membeps in 1918, and that |torium: of Wesley church on the ev different offices: Re,ent,.Mrs. H. A-}ities and certainly was an inspiration

he en Boa ae ‘he mort-| ing of. Wednesday, February 12th, |Bailey, elected by acclamation; 1st)to all the rest of the party, William] DpsLANInIST OR

Mier eater ocr entertainers of continent-wide reputa- | VIC&% Miss, Lovegrove; 2nd Vice, Mrs.) Coseo was in unusual fine settle in his Omnis ath in Neen ey SATS RY ed AMA
_| John Gott; Retording Secretary, Mrs.| vocation as an exponent of the gentle mort eta quis, seitece Mr. ~ ONT

ary 27th, J9lfg, thewité of Mt. Lloyd
dletom, Off a son. a4

TH ANArdon, Thursday, Janoary
» 19194 ; Mr. Heetor
rene. €

  

5 will start your pullets and moulted hens-to Taying.
‘Keep the Dairy Barn pure and,heéalthful, the Pig

Pen, Poultry House and the Home free frém dis-
ease with 3 :

‘Dr. Hess Dip and Disinfectant.

 
   
   
 
  

went $141.41 in the hole, last year,,ac-

 

  

   
        
 

 

     

 

safenfosfenfonfertonfontenlonfentenleeferteefectecsenioe tector} forforserse

      
  
 
 
   
  
   
     
 
  
 
      
    
   
  
 
  

    
 

 

    
  

Rage. Si ate ie xia ah :

—At a joint mgeting of the Windsor yon Se ae page two CLE ©10")"\izman: Cor. Sec, and Treas Mrs.| indoor sport of pool playing. During a Quick—In Mersey, rebruary 41

and» Walkerville boards of education A sean ee a Bray; Standard Bearer, Miss Hors-)jail in ike colariaGteraat of the even- 101g, the wilte yrdon Quink, And

Captain (Dr.) H., McMillan, of* Lon- 4 ; aaa man, Miss Mercyle Park; Councillors.|ing, Mr: Forhan gave an impromptu flogers—=In' Gasely Sduin, KridaysMOdveey nd there is, DR. HESS INSTANT LOUSE KILLER for Lice.

 

i { > ol League. eece
don, was appointed to take change of\| Leag MrsvHccles Gott, Mrs.-.Bric Young.) rendition of several cdmpositions 24th, 1919, the wife uf Mr Wyman

 

 

  
   
 

   
  
 

a dental clinic in the fwo municipall- —Soniething that should be stopped Mrs: AVilliam’Fox, Mrs. CMS, Thom: |'¢ 4 le R rn Rogags, Of & s0y—still-born ANS 3 3
% rps acl _ lat. ongesis g rf , - Mrs, + AES Cn MS rom his own versatile pen. ussell | oq IneGoafleld Nor, BORE my I Sold—AIL-G
Ces qytere pupils Of Pabim ae erefents. Nt ratio as, Miss Plorey, Miss Brett, Mrs. John| Scratch so far forgot himself in the SP sity ein th ey EE Tara Y : uaranteed hy
millibelgivtn frou treet en Dr. ake ffom their manalesio? papers along toe | Hamilton, sr. Mrs. Stancliffe, Miss} excitement of the occasion. that he Steed, Ofsa Som, - aig : : .
Millan, whose’ salary the pu 000 ay sidewalkg»and pavements at the west Weir, Mrs, B. Fox, Mrs. Joseph Wil-/wanted to insure (or was It back) Ciifford—st Hulhiven Sa gurday. Rebriipey
; year, recently returned from ge 2 nl eaaret Hiehnond ih a “Pais has be- | £07 Mrs. David Brown, Mrs. Middle-| farl Jones against al] Comers on a for’, Of w daupite Mr. W. WW CHE- a l
where he assisted in dental work am: |” : : Aitei’ Mrs. John Jones, Miss Pulford,| gastronomical contest of-any kind. | ———————— e

 

MARRIAGES. s
hiberdy-_Narion—At— St. = Ann'ss chureh, AMHERSTBURG , . 3

Waikerville, ‘Thursday, Janutry ait, Eesfosfiafecfocfecfecfeclorfecfeclee : i
lester erfocfonteoleclesleoleefeate

Norman Wilson gave a recitation e
¢Feb.} titled “Down Home”, in which he re-
ferred to “The unseen process,” The)

come an {intolerable nuisance as wall Miss Lalonge
Miss La :

three | 18*a ‘standing disgrace and offends the z atv ;
nse, of cleanliness, which should | ,,ualonde a;79.007pan: “NE

ong Canadian soldiers,
—The bye-election to” fill the
vacancies in the Amherstburg council | 8¢

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
     
        
      
   
     
      
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
    

 
 
 
 
    
    
   

Friday wag very quiet. Owing to the )actusi® mec our co Zenr: <The annual Sunday, schoo) enter-} eyening’s enjoyment was then brought of
: : aay : : “is ‘ s %,.8C : e Ot, by Rev. Fr. Ne Mr. Tiber :

‘ rough condition of the streets it. was| — aga Ee pa aulso fee tainment of Christ church was held|to»a close by several interpretations of TEN oe hae ae Sry ee : oe
‘ {mpossible to carry many voters in|men, are: growing mighty anxious be) cy tTyesday evening of this week. noted thespians as Bill]... J@\e Marion, ‘of Walkerville. t Sa!
tomobil the vote polled was|Cause: the next season's business is y We lock af from such noted Pp Saunders AGammion=—AL the’ Nowe OF ANE | feebeege, : —— . i
automobiles, so the vote i VAS Ex - yh, | Supper Was servec at 6 o'clock, after| Shakespeare and George M. Cohan by} Di “4a oat) a” heim ) : efoote aS = :
1 I : si | s rie ts Hi? Esse azine efonleoteeforte ;
small. Election of Messrs.’ Laramie, in sefious’ danger on,account of the | which the children were engaged in|Frank Spry. The guests then depart- Taney ea a =e: devised doses enfecleetentecledoafeelelosfonfoofoofeofesfesfeafonfocfoofnh | co
Axoe, Earl Saunders, of Cling, Alta, ke ; y
j 08)
A 4

surprise. Aas outlop® Pence tN 4 various games till 8 ofclock, when thé! ed for their homes, thanking Mr. Cot-
See aU tera lh nave ta ada ae program epmmenced:. Recitations’and troll for the excellent evening and
lenst. two weéks of zero weathér to|*c"5S and plano solos were given-by| wished him many more?of the same
edie two WeErs roe the childten, and the Rev. Mr. Wright] kind. Mr. Cottrell responded with

 

Denike and Wigle was no
The new counci) met Tuesday night}
for the appofntment of committees

 
 
 
  

ve
3-5,

 
  
 
  
     
     

 

 

     

  
 
 
 
 

    

10 Miss Charlotte Gammon, ! £ ’
= Charlotte Gammon, : V sere .
DEATHS. fe me
Clark—jn Anderdon, tupdiay, Fobroary “ s | } 1

  
   
       
    

 
   

        
   

 

   
      

       

 

   
       
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
   

  
    
  
 

     
          
 
 
   
      
   
  
     
       
  
       

    
     
    
     
      
  
  
          
   
      
 
 
   

   
  
   

   
   
   

         
 
      

 
   

   
    

 

 

   

   
 

     

 
 
  
     
   

 
  
   
    
   
   
 

 
     

 

2 and Cages chairmen and. eels i H H ftent ME tansto
3 ed t® meet regularly next Monday |inaure ice in sufficient q told the wonderfully interesting story) the remarks that he felt young enouch 194, > see tark 13
. night. ? fill all the, {ce houseg.in these parts. |o¢ the “Water Babies,” by Charles|{o have several birthdays every year Pan eae Mrs, James Clark, ood 28 te ; : ‘
, Word was received by J. J. Brault | y—Friday evening over fifty members | ringstey,, illustrated with beautifully) for some time to come. Caras Sy Windsor, Saturday’ February, 1st, Bo " 5) poe ee t
of the marriage of, hig grandson, Pte, of the Orange Lodges of <Windsor,| (o\ored slides. The-children were out) A merry crowd gathered at Joel bard? ly, grauenier of Pte, Percy | sf a | ran ees : i
-* Joe Brault, now” ovérseas,. to Miss Walkerville, Essex, Cottam and Kings-);, ¢4)] force and never did they haveperaig’s Friday evening, from Walker- | Puquette—_in. Tilbury, Wedivesday, January 2 S ore ec
Elizabeth Delancey, of Dundee, Sco:-|ville came to Antheratburgyby special). mort ‘enjoyable evening. ville and the steel plant, Ojibway. a0 yutel Mrs, Joseplt Duqhettes aged , : q ae
* Jand, formerly of Amherstburg, who|car and organized an Orange Lodge |" —an increase in fares on Canadian| Those from the steel-plant were Jack }Fox— At Giinda, on Mong’, February ara
sailed-for home early last fall. Both in this town, to be known ps Amherst! railways camé into effect on Saturday,| Dawson, nianager; Mr. McGraw,. en- 1019, Ars.” George, FOX, aged &5 years, | - : ~ %
are well known and highly thought|Lodge, No. 2542, LOL, The organ-| 4 far as return fares and mileage|gineer; Mr, Taylor, manager; Fred. tewin—in es, "a WHAT Do YOU THINK ae :
of in this town, andgwill be warmly’ ization was effected by County Master |}ooks are concerned, The tariffs pro-|'Taylor, head time keeper, and) Ray ary Py aa RR Cte EN i OF THESE ‘ ee
Oe in ents tone in the early summer.|JoWn Bailey, of Walkerville, assisted | yiging for this adjustment have been| O'Neil, timekeeper. Those from Walk} , ‘wed Gh yours.” n Jrwit, |. 5 cats Maple Leai Tomatoe Y aS
_ ‘This isthe third local boy to contract |by District Master Livingstone, of the|nieq with the Railway Commisslon,|erville were George O'Neil, Dominion Kerr in Leamington, Monday, Janta + 10 Ibs. Corn § Bonnin nnn net)! ):
— “an overseas marriage. The others lsame place, and various county Of-|)54t no approval of that body is neces-| excise officer for Walkerville; George years. Robers NM. Kerr, aged 77 YTOP.P. Te = “100. 4
aré Corp. Harry 0. Wilson, son of Mr. | ficials, . Temporary, OMicers were elect |aary because what Is proposed is less| Murray, of the bottling works; Alex.{Xine— ID \vaikervitio, Suinday.. FobFuary 5 cans Corn.....,. ; Cine
aed Mre, J. B. Wilson, and Lieut. Eari}ed and the work: will be completed 1 |/inan the standard rate of, 3.45 cents} O'Neil, Mr. Morgan, at the Bridge and. Joc9, Miss'S. 4. Kink, aged 2 7 ¢ans Peas +t Sites, Vale ace efi 1.00
McQueen, son of Capt. and Mrs. J. 8. the near future. per mile, . To increase this would) Works, and Mr. Craig’s three sons: | fajeunesst— 42 Lojsaljevilile, Saturday, Fob- 2 silly ele SORE Adah antic ‘
MeQueen, of Amheratburg. " —Fort Malden Chapter, Imperial) yeed the, concurrence of the béard.| Stanley, patrolman of Walkerville; ruary ah, of 040, 8 hem  Lajetifinsse, 7 paekages Corn Flakes.» teh eee eee 1,00, ! s
 C'0. P. Hirons js doing good work |Order Daughters of the Empire, in| phe new tariff provides that In place) Herbert Craig, engineer on the Essex son or tf. Dolphise Lajeunesse, aged ) 7 packages Shredded Wheat. Persea eeeeseee 100 Ff

   
   
   
      
     

 

submitting to the Department of Pub-| or a6 2-3 per cent. off for return tick-| Terminal, and Joel Craig, Jr., foreman | Mayvilie—In Ande-son,-Saiturday, February Sees 2 1.00
Tense cecenseene AG

  

 

 

 

 

     

  
 
     
 

 

  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  

   

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  

fn a quiet efficient way: The absence +
gt a auds of bors and girls on the{ lie Information the activities done by | ots the reduction-will be only 10 perjat the Ford Auto World. The boys ist, ford, Jove, Mayville, in the 2 Ibs. Gun Powder Tea
~ atreet nights is noticed. No one can the Chapter during the war period| cent > The price of mileage books,| were all in fine trim. The main dis- natkoneti Kingsville? 2° upad . : 144 Ibs Rea R Be CORO sir es 5, 1.00
misbehave onthe public streets and ae kee a ee $493.43; |neretofore. $25 per thousand miles, Is] cussion was over & nam for thelr zard, 1949, Hardia, Infant son of we, 1 . ose Tea... ee
t to get away with {t- Sunday , $263.26; 1916, $435.64; 1917. | increased to $31. The change amounts] club. Some proposed the “Merry Scot-} 9, chin erzoe, Titty 3 sala aN bars Sunlight Soaps: ...3.. 7 2 pps

  
     
  
   
  
 

     
  
     
   

   
  
 

to about a 10% increase in return] ties,” while others said. as there were 10910, Mrs. Go au
fares. Where the return fare from|a couple of Irishmen in it yeciaps Mt] | Sear ecu Lo at Sed nas Lh = ey
Amherstburg to Essex has been $1.00,}wouldn't do; other again said | me Moti taio, Mis a Aye cna ars P. & G. Soap 5 Sor

under the new rate it {s now $1.10. Irishmen were originally Scot 25 yours! 12 bara Gola a BY

— p tativi { tiand for steal-|s rt——in Windsor, S$ | : i. w
A meeting of representatives from’ were kicked out of Sco iowa ane A HT Aturday, February |e § Ths, Starch : . Beene

$994.77; 1918, $1579.71—total, $3766.91.
This is\ probably the best record made
by any Chapter in a town of this size
in Ontario,cand certainly speaks vol-
times for the untiring activities and

Ruddy McDowell, of Detroit, started 14 bars Sunny Monday §
: joap :

“fassing” near Beacom's bakery. Sey-|
More street. He was picked up by the
COP; landed in the cooler, and came
out of there, Monday morning, a chil-

   
    
   
  
 

beevean

 

      
  
   
 
    
  
  
 

  
  
 

    
  
  
      

 

    
  

Her but wiser’ young maw, and after unselfish devotion to duty of the mem-}he different clubs of the United Far-|ing sheep, and had to go to Treland and Giughter of Mr. E

contributing $1 and costs at the re- bers of Fort Malden Chapter. + mera of Essex County was held fr the|to appear Irish changed thelr original) oy, vagentewart ares ¢ a re sa 9 patka BIDE 8 Saray BS ars
est of the Police Magistrate, bought} —Mr, ‘and Mrs. Ford, Dalhoustv}1.0.0.F. rooms, Essex, on Thursday of|name from McNealy: to,/O'Neil. Jew, 1910, Ellzabeu) Cowan, relieeae 3 ¢s Rolled Oats. .

a dticket for Windsor and took thé next | street, were overjoyed on Friday whea last week. After a general discussion| “The. Merry Scottfes” the Tate James Stevenson, in her 76th 2 ths. Coffee

car out of town. ~ thelr eldest son, Corp. Frank Ford, ar-|it was decided to form tho Hssex Coun-| name, The m arin Base) ,
—Graduation exercises’ for sentor|rived in Amherstburg from overseas | ay Farmers, and to adopt a constita-)until 12 o'clock, when : ‘ a an tems arr
a at the Hotel Diew were held }|They had not seen hin since 1914 and | tion and form ao set of by-laws. The|corted them to_the dining. m, William 4, Sample, aged 7 years, 9
day night of last week at St.|tor three years all ‘but one day of the ‘tollowing officers were elected: Pres.,| where Mrs. Craig. was. at her bost

iu giureh. Bight nurses re-| time, he was a prisoner in Germany. |T, H. Adams, Essex; Vice-Pres. A. serving: them with ¢ Te

their diplomas which were pre-] When the war broke out, he enlisted] Tisdelle, Tilbury; Sec.-Treas, B. Me-| good things, and in hess

by Dr. G. H. Brien, vice-preal-|in Port Arthur in 1914, and went to} Queen, “Comber. Directors—G. Bea-| of the morning x

if the Hétel Dieu, « The} France in 1915, was wounded and tak-}; ersea; Peter Upcott, Gosfieldjand Mrs. Crali
untes on prisoner at the first battle of Ypres, | South, | B. Buckland, eld North;|'The next meetin

ef  Gtella Peltier, Wye
Essex; Mariaret|He suffered all tho fi ities h Donald Kile, Colchester South; Glen| Murray's next F
nar; Hanah erton, | upon allied priso Med tear faceitions iomas, Colchester North; George} men were invite

uring tiid | Sellars, Malden; Joseph Beneteau, An-}
| never be} dendon;, , Croft, Sand is |e

    
 

  
 
   

     
  

4

   

“|
